
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010670                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10669950804                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               535497544341                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 394744                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   506880                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 266030                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67620556                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40108.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15832398027                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20329983625                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       368384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       366080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       264960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       173952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       140288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       140800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       264832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       142336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       263680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       379904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       140544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       164992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       381952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       159872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       160640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       257280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3840640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       970240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            970240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         2878                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2070                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1096                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2984                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            7580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 7580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       419871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     34525370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       395878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     34309437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       371886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24832354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       443863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     16302981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       419871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13147952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       395878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13195937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       335897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24820358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       455860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13339893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       359889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     24712391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       431867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     35605038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       407874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13171945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       455860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     15463239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       419871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     35796979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       467856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14983387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       419871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     15055365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       371886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     24112576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               359949176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       419871                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       395878                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       371886                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       443863                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       419871                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       395878                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       335897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       455860                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       359889                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       431867                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       407874                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       455860                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       419871                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       467856                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       419871                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       371886                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6573976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          90932003                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               90932003                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          90932003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       419871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     34525370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       395878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     34309437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       371886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24832354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       443863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     16302981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       419871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13147952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       395878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13195937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       335897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24820358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       455860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13339893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       359889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     24712391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       431867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     35605038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       407874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13171945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       455860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     15463239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       419871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     35796979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       467856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14983387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       419871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     15055365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       371886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     24112576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              450881179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25587413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2078604                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699802                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204790                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       851682                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817080                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213377                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9149                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20167430                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11801353                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2078604                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1030457                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2470963                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        596995                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       350559                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1241951                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206214                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23376667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20905704     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         133629      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210937      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         336917      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         139074      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         155131      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         166515      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         108750      0.47%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1220010      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23376667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081235                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461217                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19980141                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       539727                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2462947                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         6412                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       387437                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340663                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14406770                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1654                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       387437                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       20011498                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        172865                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       276662                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2438568                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        89632                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14397487                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         2810                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        25005                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        33953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4156                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19987946                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66972071                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66972071                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17023993                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2963931                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3666                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2019                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          271706                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372513                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       737662                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22237                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       169060                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14377213                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3675                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13592665                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17344                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1850622                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4137879                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          356                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23376667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17647192     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298282      9.83%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1256819      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858735      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802647      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229325      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180676      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60657      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42334      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23376667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3219     12.56%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9915     38.69%     51.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12493     48.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11385601     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215157      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257142      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733119      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13592665                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.531225                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25627                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001885                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50604967                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16231665                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13370667                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13618292                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40915                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248954                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           35                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23445                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          881                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       387437                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        117407                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12544                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14380906                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1005                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372513                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737662                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2017                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9347                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119111                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117443                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       236554                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13396905                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1181970                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195759                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1914712                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1884391                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           732742                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523574                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13370906                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13370667                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7817786                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20424136                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.522549                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382772                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2123742                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       208888                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22989230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533171                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18010255     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2412380     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939710      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505533      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377615      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211205      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130824      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116301      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285407      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22989230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12257191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1837776                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1123559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1759628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11044453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       248995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       285407                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37084691                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29149353                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                327535                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2210746                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12257191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.558741                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.558741                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.390817                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.390817                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60410797                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18534490                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13438639                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25587413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2076922                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1698652                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204750                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       850759                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816287                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213100                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9120                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20165598                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11791351                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2076922                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1029387                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2468417                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        596006                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       355814                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1241432                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206177                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23376607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616283                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20908190     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         133376      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         210308      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         336390      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         139389      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         154953      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         165973      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         108934      0.47%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1219094      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23376607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081170                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460826                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19978647                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       544628                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2460461                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         6364                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       386504                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       340197                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14394876                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1634                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       386504                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20009887                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        173831                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       281248                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2436152                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        88980                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14385983                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         2211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        24848                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        33808                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3818                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19974146                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     66919243                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     66919243                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17016445                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2957701                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3638                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1992                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          271174                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1370859                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       736630                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22195                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       168475                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14365457                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3647                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13582347                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17063                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1844752                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4129118                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          329                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23376607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17650741     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298317      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1254976      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858164      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       801734      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229004      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180485      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60768      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42418      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23376607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3230     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9779     38.43%     51.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12435     48.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11377949     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215010      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1255511      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732231      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13582347                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530821                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25444                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50583808                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16214007                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13360987                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13607791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40353                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247779                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           26                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22698                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          874                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       386504                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        118718                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14369126                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          763                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1370859                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       736630                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1990                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9274                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118855                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117391                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       236246                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13386606                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1180378                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1912260                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1882914                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           731882                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.523172                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13361209                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13360987                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7812286                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        20409694                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.522170                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382773                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9995662                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12251842                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2117325                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3318                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       208847                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22990103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18014330     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2410652     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938696      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       504771      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378089      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211250      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130617      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116407      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285291      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22990103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9995662                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12251842                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1837012                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1123080                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1758856                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11039657                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       248893                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       285291                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           37073914                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          29124871                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                327601                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2210806                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9995662                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12251842                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9995662                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.559852                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.559852                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390648                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390648                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       60364577                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      18523192                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13426933                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3314                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25587413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1936552                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1733515                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156312                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1309643                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1277838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113004                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4620                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20538637                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11008502                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1936552                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1390842                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2453617                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        516111                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       303232                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1244587                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153062                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23654464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21200847     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         378196      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         185364      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         374268      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         115490      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         347860      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          53575      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          86492      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         912372      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23654464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075684                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430231                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20342555                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       504384                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2448557                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1991                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       356973                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       178241                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1981                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12276206                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4740                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       356973                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20365349                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        300827                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       133443                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2426076                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        71792                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12256428                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           49                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         9482                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        55158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     16021287                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     55490626                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     55490626                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     12924403                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3096868                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1606                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          818                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          165906                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2249152                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       349924                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3031                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        78500                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         12191952                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1612                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        11395318                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7457                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2251838                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4629919                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23654464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18660447     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1552334      6.56%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1694011      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       972804      4.11%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498075      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125629      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144849      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3509      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2806      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23654464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18608     56.95%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7759     23.75%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6306     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8912221     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86927      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2048931     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346450      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     11395318                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.445349                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32673                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46485230                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14445435                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11101806                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     11427991                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9048                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       469429                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9097                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       356973                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        216909                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8770                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12193577                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1013                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2249152                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349924                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          817                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4131                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          215                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105037                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60325                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       165362                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11252683                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020131                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142635                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2366519                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1713424                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           346388                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.439774                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             11104798                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            11101806                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6724676                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        14507048                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.433878                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.463545                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8841150                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      9924457                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2269620                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1592                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       155152                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23297491                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425988                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19617525     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1434713      6.16%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931086      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       293244      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491435      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93494      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59809      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53704      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322481      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23297491                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8841150                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      9924457                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2120547                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1779720                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1525176                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         8664679                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       121361                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       322481                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           35169048                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          24745422                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                465332                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1932949                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8841150                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             9924457                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8841150                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.894127                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.894127                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.345527                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.345527                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       52355434                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      14431831                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13090752                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1590                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25587413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2111637                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1727627                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208722                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       893217                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831717                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217881                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9461                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20366373                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11799351                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2111637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1049598                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2464148                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        567196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       454057                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1247322                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       208825                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23640372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21176224     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         114826      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         183007      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         247404      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         253760      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         215090      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         120560      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         179231      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1150270      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23640372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082526                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461139                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20162818                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       659613                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2459627                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2775                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       355536                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       347569                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          259                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14480668                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1511                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       355536                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20217738                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        137401                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       397228                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2408205                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       124261                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14475491                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        16434                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        54440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     20201873                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     67333069                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     67333069                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17520064                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2681764                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3475                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1752                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          374720                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1357082                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       733674                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8517                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       256087                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14456519                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3484                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13737509                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2006                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1587522                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3783762                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23640372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17761280     75.13%     75.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2469304     10.45%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1237278      5.23%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       889158      3.76%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       702626      2.97%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       289585      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       183056      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95270      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12815      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23640372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2546     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8396     36.50%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12062     52.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11554547     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204500      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1722      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1245414      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731326      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13737509                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536885                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23004                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001675                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51140398                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16047580                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13528521                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13760513                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27777                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219063                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           58                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9704                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       355536                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        110307                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11962                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14460024                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3644                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1357082                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       733674                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1752                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10104                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           58                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       121547                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116805                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       238352                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13545385                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1171364                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192122                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1902620                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1925568                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           731256                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.529377                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13528665                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13528521                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7765818                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20926744                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528718                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371095                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10212894                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12566950                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1893054                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3469                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       211103                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23284836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18075468     77.63%     77.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2607691     11.20%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       961243      4.13%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458792      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       421347      1.81%     96.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223971      0.96%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       173408      0.74%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88622      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       274294      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23284836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10212894                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12566950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1861986                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1138016                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1732                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1812138                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11322772                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       258847                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       274294                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37470481                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          29275594                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                310141                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1947041                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10212894                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12566950                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10212894                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.505403                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.505403                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.399137                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.399137                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       60963710                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18847846                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13422206                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3464                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25587413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2321998                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1933015                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       213024                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       877879                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         845726                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249331                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9800                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20187373                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12734604                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2321998                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1095057                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2653388                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        594506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       650442                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1255701                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203665                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23870737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21217349     88.88%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         162874      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         203764      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         326872      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         136352      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         176403      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         204529      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          94300      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1348294      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23870737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090748                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.497690                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20068246                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       781119                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2640801                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1316                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       379254                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       353506                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     15566117                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1640                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       379254                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20089130                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         64568                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       659054                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2621235                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        57488                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     15470070                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         8219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        40014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     21603711                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     71927688                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     71927688                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     18035595                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3568101                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3738                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1949                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          202094                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1450810                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       756737                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8366                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       171008                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         15102756                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3752                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14476817                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15719                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1858234                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3792961                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          143                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23870737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17740284     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2793384     11.70%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1144793      4.80%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       639642      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       868017      3.64%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268515      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263654      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141230      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11218      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23870737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100241     78.98%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13739     10.83%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12938     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12195978     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197587      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1789      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1327230      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       754233      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14476817                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.565779                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126918                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008767                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52967008                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16964845                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14097400                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14603735                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10800                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278500                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          105                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11684                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       379254                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         49309                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6128                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15106513                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11517                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1450810                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       756737                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1949                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5321                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          105                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125012                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120602                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       245614                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14223463                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305034                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       253354                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2059162                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2011075                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           754128                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.555877                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             14097505                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            14097400                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8444568                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        22682780                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.550951                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372290                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10492739                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12929574                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2176987                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       214624                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23491483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18018736     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2774338     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1006728      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501516      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458296      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192774      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190829      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90924      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257342      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23491483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10492739                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12929574                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1917363                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1172310                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1873989                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11640962                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       267013                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       257342                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           38340624                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          30592398                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                308599                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1716676                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10492739                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12929574                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10492739                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.438583                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.438583                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.410074                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.410074                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       63991774                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      19698270                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      14393805                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25587413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2321350                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1932852                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212525                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       883434                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847193                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249079                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9816                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20188556                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12735836                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2321350                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1096272                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2652905                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        591856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       651124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1255137                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203021                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23869961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21217056     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         162203      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         204227      0.86%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         326949      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         136586      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         175693      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         205218      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          94229      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1347800      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23869961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090722                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.497738                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20069523                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       781826                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2640165                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1351                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       377095                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       352983                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     15563084                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1607                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       377095                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20090424                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         65555                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       658899                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2620602                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        57378                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     15466360                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         8316                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        39849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     21602342                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     71915804                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     71915804                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     18052606                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3549724                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3759                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1969                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          201275                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1447577                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       757003                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8539                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       169881                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         15098220                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3774                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        14478592                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15052                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1842523                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3758267                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23869961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17737213     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2795825     11.71%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1143067      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641355      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       868959      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268184      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262806      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141440      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11112      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23869961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100146     79.14%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13437     10.62%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12964     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12197271     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197855      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1790      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1327172      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       754504      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     14478592                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.565848                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126547                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008740                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52968741                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16944617                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14101104                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14605139                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10994                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       274213                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          102                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11291                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       377095                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         50055                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6180                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15101999                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11536                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1447577                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       757003                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1969                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5370                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          102                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125489                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119510                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       244999                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14226199                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305080                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252390                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2059486                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2011392                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           754406                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.555984                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             14101203                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            14101104                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8447454                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        22692095                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.551095                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372264                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10502597                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12941634                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2160423                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       214131                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23492866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18016153     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2774901     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008370      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501422      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459380      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193477      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190745      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90992      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257426      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23492866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10502597                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12941634                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1919073                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1173361                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1875714                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11651812                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       267251                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       257426                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           38337419                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          30581233                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                307999                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1717452                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10502597                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12941634                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10502597                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.436294                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.436294                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.410460                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.410460                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       64010938                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      19704442                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      14396079                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25587413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1936045                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732668                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       155623                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1311623                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278520                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113232                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4623                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20545485                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11005984                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1936045                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1391752                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2453337                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        513406                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       303100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1244270                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       152412                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23658875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21205538     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         378396      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         184876      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         374180      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         115801      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         348512      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          53803      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          86210      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         911559      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23658875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075664                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.430133                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20349735                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       503933                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2448363                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1890                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       354950                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       178388                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         1979                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12272697                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         4729                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       354950                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20372418                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        300412                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       134079                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2426021                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        70991                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12253693                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         9145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        54743                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     16014654                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     55476941                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     55476941                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     12937620                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3077024                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1601                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          813                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          163838                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2247883                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       350404                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2902                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        78228                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12189530                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1606                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11398946                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7343                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2238540                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4598784                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23658875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18661663     78.88%     78.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1553902      6.57%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1695178      7.17%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974047      4.12%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498007      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125140      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144617      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3451      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2870      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23658875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18617     57.05%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7708     23.62%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6308     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8913891     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86993      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2050439     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346834      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11398946                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.445490                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32633                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46496743                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14429717                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11106957                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     11431579                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8856                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       465921                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9313                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       354950                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        217209                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8730                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12191152                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          422                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2247883                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       350404                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          812                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4096                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          217                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104931                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59577                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       164508                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11257450                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2021797                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141496                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2368583                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1714273                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           346786                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.439960                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11110074                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11106957                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6726604                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        14508623                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.434079                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.463628                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8850776                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      9934955                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2256675                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1591                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       154469                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23303925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19620028     84.19%     84.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1436143      6.16%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932324      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       293423      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       492025      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93754      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59534      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53731      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322963      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23303925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8850776                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      9934955                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2123049                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1781958                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1526843                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         8673736                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       121464                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       322963                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35172553                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          24738508                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                464656                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1928538                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8850776                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             9934955                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8850776                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.890980                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.890980                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.345904                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.345904                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       52381267                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      14436221                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13090547                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25587407                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2320766                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1932383                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212907                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       885268                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847226                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249267                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9803                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20184396                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12727784                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2320766                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1096493                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2652199                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        594164                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       650414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1255485                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203616                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23866322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21214123     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         162234      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         204418      0.86%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         326090      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         136460      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         176382      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         205077      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          94487      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1347051      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23866322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090700                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.497424                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20065390                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       780962                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2639621                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1320                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       379028                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       352930                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15559707                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1604                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       379028                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20086101                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         64512                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       659270                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2620155                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        57248                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15464073                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         8233                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        39779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     21595653                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     71907626                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     71907626                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     18034686                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3560967                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3704                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1915                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          201138                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1450736                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       756381                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8419                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       170034                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         15096085                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3717                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14471596                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14957                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1853879                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3787152                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          109                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23866322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17737065     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2794270     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1142423      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       640541      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       868268      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268228      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263233      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141105      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11189      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23866322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99820     78.98%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13637     10.79%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12937     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12191609     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197503      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1789      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1326753      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       753942      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14471596                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.565575                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126394                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008734                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52950865                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16953777                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14092155                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14597990                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10785                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278491                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           99                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            8                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       379028                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         49065                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6135                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15099807                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1450736                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       756381                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1915                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5331                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           99                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125499                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120024                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       245523                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14217582                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1304192                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       254014                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2058045                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2009909                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           753853                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.555648                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14092243                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14092155                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8442856                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        22687433                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.550746                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372138                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10492219                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12928928                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2170940                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3608                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       214502                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23487294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18015562     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2773127     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007074      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       500604      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459015      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192897      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190934      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90956      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257125      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23487294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10492219                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12928928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1917266                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1172245                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1873890                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11640388                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       267002                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       257125                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           38329959                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          30578776                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                308654                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1721085                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10492219                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12928928                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10492219                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.438703                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.438703                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.410054                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.410054                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       63969634                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      19692038                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14386516                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3604                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25587413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1935855                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732432                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156441                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1311538                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278047                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113190                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4638                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20546728                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11003497                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1935855                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1391237                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2452747                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        515974                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       303708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1245032                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153289                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23661891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21209144     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         377504      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         185602      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         374474      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         115422      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         348480      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          53613      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          86274      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         911378      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23661891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.075657                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.430036                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20348384                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       507072                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2447759                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1966                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       356706                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       178445                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         1978                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12270778                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         4687                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       356706                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20371213                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        301680                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       134709                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2425352                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        72227                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12251487                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9366                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        55771                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     16014065                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     55466946                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     55466946                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     12922552                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3091513                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1599                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          811                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          165902                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      2248098                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       349939                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3171                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        78143                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         12188229                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1604                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        11395590                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7759                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2249067                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4613792                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23661891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18666529     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1554280      6.57%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1693668      7.16%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       972544      4.11%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498449      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125156      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144931      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3492      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2842      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23661891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18781     57.13%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7785     23.68%     80.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6310     19.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8911734     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86968      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2049628     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346471      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     11395590                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.445359                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32876                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002885                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46493706                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14438939                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11101523                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     11428466                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8671                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       468489                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9172                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       356706                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        217055                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8764                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12189848                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1011                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2248098                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349939                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          810                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4067                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          221                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105494                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59942                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       165436                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11252963                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020631                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142627                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2367047                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1713473                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           346416                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.439785                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             11104674                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            11101523                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6722816                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        14505721                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.433867                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.463460                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8840096                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      9923171                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2267189                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1591                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       155284                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23305185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19625228     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1435370      6.16%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930914      3.99%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292403      1.25%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491659      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93850      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59661      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53888      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322212      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23305185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8840096                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      9923171                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2120376                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1779609                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1524982                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         8663535                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       121338                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       322212                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           35173294                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          24737702                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                465242                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1925522                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8840096                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             9923171                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8840096                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.894472                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.894472                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.345486                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.345486                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       52356322                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      14430619                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13085727                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25587413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1997375                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1801731                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106620                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       761143                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         711518                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109923                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4633                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21151785                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12566350                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1997375                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       821441                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2484218                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        336077                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       460990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1216013                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106977                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     24323823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21839605     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          88731      0.36%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         181589      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          75622      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         411813      1.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         367192      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          70431      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         148977      0.61%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1139863      4.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     24323823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.078061                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.491115                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       21035187                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       579169                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2475038                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         7841                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       226585                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       175724                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14737074                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1494                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       226585                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       21056826                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        403334                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       108914                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2462548                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        65613                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14728662                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        27495                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        24067                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          440                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     17302409                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     69368803                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     69368803                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     15309334                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        1993071                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1719                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          875                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          168687                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3471214                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1754431                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16189                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        85073                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14697717                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1725                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14116955                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7553                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1159357                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2791953                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24323823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.378014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19311317     79.39%     79.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1497561      6.16%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233797      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       532076      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       675669      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       654074      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       371376      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29354      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18599      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24323823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35899     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       278561     86.36%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8091      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8860262     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123484      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3382364     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1750001     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14116955                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.551715                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            322551                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022848                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52887837                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15859184                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13994949                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14439506                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25493                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       138338                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          387                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11841                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1249                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       226585                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        367252                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18077                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14699454                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          139                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3471214                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1754431                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          875                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12253                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          387                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61099                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63526                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       124625                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14017310                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3370697                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            5120503                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1836092                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1749806                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.547821                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13995505                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13994949                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7560768                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        14903100                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.546947                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507329                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11360788                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     13350982                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1349690                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1703                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       108732                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24097238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19257221     79.91%     79.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1764806      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       828981      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       819091      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       223159      0.93%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       953040      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71262      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51891      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127787      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24097238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     11360788                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     13350982                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              5075465                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             3332875                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1762909                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11872490                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       129352                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       127787                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           38670084                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29627955                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                465462                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1263590                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          11360788                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            13350982                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     11360788                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.252257                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.252257                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.443999                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.443999                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       69286882                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      16258019                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      17535844                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25587413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2321022                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1932353                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       213184                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       880231                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         846144                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249326                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9832                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20184046                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12729840                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2321022                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1095470                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2651822                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        594657                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       653765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1255708                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203944                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23869152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21217330     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         162235      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         203528      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         325939      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         136851      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         176220      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         204984      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          94493      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1347572      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23869152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090710                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.497504                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20065206                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       784100                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2639333                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1277                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       379235                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       353190                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     15562373                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1647                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       379235                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20085975                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         64600                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       662465                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2619820                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        57049                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     15467301                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         8177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        39617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     21597902                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     71920406                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     71920406                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     18032992                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3564896                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3743                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1954                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          201411                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1451101                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       756959                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8544                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       171056                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         15098927                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3757                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14474516                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15381                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1854687                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3791382                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          148                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23869152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17738500     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2795506     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1141998      4.78%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       640941      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       867911      3.64%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268861      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263105      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141028      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11302      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23869152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99838     78.88%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13789     10.89%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12938     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12193422     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197533      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1789      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1327398      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       754374      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14474516                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.565689                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126565                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008744                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52960130                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16957476                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14094040                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14601081                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10908                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278979                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12016                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            6                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       379235                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         49288                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6243                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15102689                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11092                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1451101                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       756959                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1954                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5452                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125470                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120353                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       245823                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14219953                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1304449                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       254563                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2058708                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2010020                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           754259                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.555740                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14094139                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14094040                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8441167                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        22684622                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.550819                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10491221                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12927693                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2175037                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       214780                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23489917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18018360     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2773060     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007709      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       499917      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459112      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192756      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190960      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90868      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257175      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23489917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10491221                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12927693                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1917065                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1172122                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1873704                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11639292                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       266982                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       257175                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           38335394                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          30584711                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                308558                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1718261                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10491221                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12927693                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10491221                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.438936                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.438936                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.410015                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.410015                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       63978571                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      19693941                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      14388801                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25587413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2114023                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1729475                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208751                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       892731                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831274                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         218013                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9440                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20375572                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11813682                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2114023                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1049287                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2465513                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        567829                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       453479                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1247916                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       208904                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23650959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21185446     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         114270      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         181716      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         247400      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         254080      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         215566      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         120623      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         180358      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1151500      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23650959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082620                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.461699                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20171089                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       659958                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2461021                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2753                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       356135                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       348037                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14499316                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1524                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       356135                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20226066                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        137495                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       396684                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2409498                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       125078                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14493891                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        16549                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        54761                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     20226151                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     67418295                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     67418295                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     17536643                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2689505                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3546                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1822                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          376832                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1358776                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       734590                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8642                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       166982                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14476142                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3556                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        13754058                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2027                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1594252                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3798022                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           82                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23650959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17836550     75.42%     75.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2385980     10.09%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1211730      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       916298      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       719164      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       289911      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182649      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95797      0.41%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12880      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23650959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2538     11.01%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8416     36.51%     47.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12095     52.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11569328     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204678      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1724      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1246116      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732212      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     13754058                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.537532                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23049                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51184151                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16074001                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13545527                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13777107                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27448                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219669                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           53                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       356135                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        110260                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11988                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14479718                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          912                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1358776                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       734590                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1821                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10137                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           53                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       121044                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117343                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       238387                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13562361                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1172291                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191697                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1904442                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1927429                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           732151                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.530040                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13545658                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13545527                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7775096                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        20956147                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.529382                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371017                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10222590                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12578873                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1900852                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3474                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       211136                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23294824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18138642     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2553204     10.96%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       967552      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       459991      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       386350      1.66%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222371      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       196262      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87851      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       282601      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23294824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10222590                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12578873                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1863768                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1139105                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1734                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1813855                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11333526                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       259094                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       282601                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           37491883                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          29315603                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                309996                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1936454                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10222590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12578873                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10222590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.503026                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.503026                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.399516                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.399516                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       61039204                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      18870424                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13438158                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3470                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25587413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1996904                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1801284                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106616                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       752037                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         711827                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109899                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4704                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21146506                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12561802                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1996904                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       821726                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2483267                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        336200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       465139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1215638                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106919                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     24321866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21838599     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          88296      0.36%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         181753      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          75346      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         411877      1.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         367122      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          70727      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         149029      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1139117      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     24321866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.078042                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.490937                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       21029240                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       584054                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2474055                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         7807                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       226707                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       175698                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14731835                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1489                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       226707                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       21051011                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        407065                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       110140                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2461413                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        65527                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14723134                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        27380                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        24150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          314                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     17293978                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     69343840                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     69343840                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     15302580                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        1991352                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1728                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          884                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          169339                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      3471054                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      1753997                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16280                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        86157                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14692211                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1734                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14111130                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7654                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1157651                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2793596                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           31                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24321866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19311420     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1497050      6.16%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233252      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       531729      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       675374      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       653742      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       371522      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29165      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18612      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24321866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35769     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       278613     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8067      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8855100     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123411      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3382015     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1749760     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14111130                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.551487                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            322449                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022851                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52874225                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15851974                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13989363                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14433579                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25593                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       138637                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          381                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11686                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1246                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       226707                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        370934                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18152                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14693958                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          172                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3471054                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1753997                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          884                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12390                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          381                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61082                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63424                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       124506                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14011685                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3370248                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            5119817                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1835310                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          1749569                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.547601                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13989884                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13989363                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7557482                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        14895730                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.546728                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507359                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11356783                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     13346069                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1349188                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1703                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       108727                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24095159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377633                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19257126     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1764154      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       828790      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       818518      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       222757      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       952766      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71201      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52059      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127788      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24095159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     11356783                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     13346069                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              5074725                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             3332414                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1762207                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11868046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       129246                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       127788                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           38662589                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29617287                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                465308                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1265547                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          11356783                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            13346069                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     11356783                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.253051                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.253051                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.443843                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.443843                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       69261145                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16249698                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      17530716                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25587413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2113596                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1729212                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       209121                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       890867                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         830362                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         218007                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9445                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20379752                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11812632                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2113596                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1048369                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2465264                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        569614                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       452786                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1248474                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       209197                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23655609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613424                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21190345     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         114673      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         181983      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         246964      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         253981      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         215211      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         119890      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         180437      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1152125      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23655609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082603                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461658                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20175241                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       659308                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2460775                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2734                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       357548                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       347844                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14497827                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1513                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       357548                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       20230290                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        134943                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       398804                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2409183                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       124838                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14492447                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        16476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        54674                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     20226252                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     67410930                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     67410930                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17525363                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2700860                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3553                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1830                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          377340                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1358979                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       734357                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8367                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       213823                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14474158                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3565                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13748559                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2059                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1600303                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3818016                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           91                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23655609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17806359     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2430662     10.28%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1224712      5.18%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       901705      3.81%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       710583      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       289873      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       183233      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95593      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12889      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23655609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2508     10.90%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8406     36.53%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12095     52.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11564267     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204479      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1723      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1246250      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731840      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13748559                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.537317                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23009                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51177795                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16078080                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13538414                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13771568                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27230                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       220635                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           55                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10176                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       357548                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        107899                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12009                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14477744                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1860                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1358979                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       734357                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1830                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10158                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           55                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       121342                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117414                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       238756                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13555500                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1171813                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193059                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1903583                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1926336                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           731770                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.529772                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13538547                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13538414                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7771666                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20944610                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.529104                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371058                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10216018                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12570709                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1907043                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3474                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       211507                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23298061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18114179     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2582362     11.08%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       963538      4.14%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       459243      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404877      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223247      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       184320      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88481      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       277814      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23298061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10216018                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12570709                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1862521                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1138340                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1734                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1812642                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11326203                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       258927                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       277814                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37497934                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29313079                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                310585                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1931804                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10216018                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12570709                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10216018                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.504637                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.504637                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.399260                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.399260                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       61007221                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18861880                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13436176                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3470                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25587413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2114531                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1730690                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208644                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       892596                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831526                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         218427                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9471                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20379991                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11816139                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2114531                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1049953                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2467755                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        567964                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       456609                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1248110                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       208609                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23660984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21193229     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         115037      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         184170      0.78%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         247213      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         254080      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         215766      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         120327      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         178037      0.75%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1153125      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23660984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082639                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461795                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       20174159                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       664485                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2463273                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2694                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       356370                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       347222                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14500074                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1513                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       356370                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20229867                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        137688                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       400352                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2410982                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       125722                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14494274                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        16599                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        55120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     20231087                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     67422028                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     67422028                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17546155                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2684906                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1879                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          379748                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1358749                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       734578                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8609                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       166303                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14475809                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3616                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13754653                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2042                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1588709                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3789546                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          138                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23660984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17845318     75.42%     75.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2388469     10.09%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1211475      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       914857      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       719197      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       289510      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       183613      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95713      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12832      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23660984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2546     11.02%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8432     36.51%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12115     52.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11569421     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204739      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1725      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1246657      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732111      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13754653                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.537555                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23093                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001679                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51195422                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16068186                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13546401                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13777746                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28387                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219057                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           55                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9539                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       356370                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        110164                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12045                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14479445                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3971                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1358749                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       734578                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1879                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10199                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           55                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       121305                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117190                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       238495                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13563407                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1173461                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191243                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1905520                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1927532                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           732059                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.530081                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13546529                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13546401                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7777986                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20957483                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.529417                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371132                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10228148                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12585629                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1893814                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3478                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       211037                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23304614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540049                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18145372     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2555763     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       967061      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       460501      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       386040      1.66%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222755      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       196528      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87614      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       282980      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23304614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10228148                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12585629                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1864723                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1139688                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1736                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1814804                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11339632                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       259231                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       282980                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37501012                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29315299                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                310474                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1926429                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10228148                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12585629                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10228148                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.501666                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.501666                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.399734                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.399734                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       61048847                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18873716                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13441394                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3474                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25587413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1936341                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1733171                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156586                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1310454                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278476                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113351                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4578                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20553098                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11008674                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1936341                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1391827                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2454438                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        516345                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       302371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1245424                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153360                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23668837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21214399     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         377812      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         185714      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         374338      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         115912      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         348596      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          53637      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          86180      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         912249      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23668837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075676                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.430238                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20355937                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       504623                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2449365                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1984                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       356924                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       178273                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         1982                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     12279329                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         4748                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       356924                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20378719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        299274                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       135090                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2426968                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        71858                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     12260062                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         9353                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        55312                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     16025250                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     55511876                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     55511876                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     12930230                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3095012                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1611                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          823                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          165802                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      2249445                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       350185                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3109                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        78801                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         12196066                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1615                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        11401259                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7343                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2251469                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4626964                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23668837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481699                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18671007     78.88%     78.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1554819      6.57%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1694265      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       973691      4.11%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498467      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125672      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144621      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3477      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2818      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23668837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18503     56.79%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7771     23.85%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6306     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8916578     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        87021      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2050163     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346708      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     11401259                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.445581                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32580                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46511278                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14449192                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11106376                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     11433839                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8622                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       469328                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9121                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       356924                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        215250                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8882                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12197699                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          972                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2249445                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       350185                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          820                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4198                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          218                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105516                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60005                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       165521                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11257350                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020353                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       143909                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2367003                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1713513                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           346650                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.439957                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             11109382                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            11106376                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         6727045                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        14523164                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.434056                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.463194                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8844540                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      9928688                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2269501                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1592                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       155428                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23311913                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19629698     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1436246      6.16%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931270      3.99%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       293215      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491725      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93768      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59731      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53949      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322311      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23311913                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      8844540                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      9928688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2121175                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1780111                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1525806                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         8668493                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       121458                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       322311                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           35187752                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          24753598                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                465217                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1918576                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           8844540                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             9928688                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      8844540                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.893018                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.893018                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.345660                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.345660                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       52377884                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      14437817                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13091196                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1590                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          30014                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.862849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1349270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          62772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          21.494775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           250.407371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.617012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1233.948366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.197634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1222.966780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    20.342698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   931.268560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.909566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   606.222591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.037464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   484.694171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.243125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   493.713564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    20.618541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   926.891473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    25.003635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   488.204043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    20.942062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   924.316398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.718500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1313.115811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.551667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   485.813996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.655852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   577.682177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.492447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1334.582907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    24.529311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   559.515392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    20.860684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   558.571896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    20.243400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   921.249994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1517.394962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1555.068419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1288.127593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1022.573247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           824.834749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           840.843514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1307.426699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           819.035410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1310.640174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1533.134308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           837.439322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1067.214220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1530.568067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1111.845280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1110.953468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1404.634331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.037657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.037322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.028420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.018500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.014792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.015067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.028286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.014899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.028208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.040073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.014826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.017629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.040728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.017075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.017046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.028114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.046307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.047457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.039311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.031206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.025172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.025661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.039899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.024995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.039998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.046788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.025557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.032569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.046709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.033931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.033904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.042866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   55303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            14410                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 14410                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    55508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4464                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4460                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3674                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2658                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2649                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2652                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3667                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2623                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3684                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5153                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2644                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2736                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5134                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2774                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2770                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3741                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   55508                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1096                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 30001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  30005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2878                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2860                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2070                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1359                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1096                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1100                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2069                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1112                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2060                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2968                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1098                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1289                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2984                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1249                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1255                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2010                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 30005                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5176721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    435152331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5072658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    432385711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4818615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    310710322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5528355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    204706294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5258874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    165495710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5159962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    165954748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4261071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    310692963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5845385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    168516340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4550937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    308877918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5340398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    449681610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5153388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    166611855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5911691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    194361244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5301237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    454115869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6030842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    189088826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5308134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    188947016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4749540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    302602456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4531369021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       141785                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       435597                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        577382                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5176721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    435152331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5072658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    432385711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4818615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    310852107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5528355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    204706294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5258874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    165495710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5159962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    165954748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4261071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    310692963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5845385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    168516340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4550937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    308877918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5340398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    450117207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5153388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    166611855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5911691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    194361244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5301237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    454115869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6030842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    189088826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5308134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    188947016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4749540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    302602456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4531946403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5176721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    435152331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5072658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    432385711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4818615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    310852107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5528355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    204706294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5258874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    165495710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5159962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    165954748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4261071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    310692963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5845385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    168516340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4550937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    308877918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5340398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    450117207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5153388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    166611855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5911691                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    194361244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5301237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    454115869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6030842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    189088826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5308134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    188947016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4749540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    302602456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4531946403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               85304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14410                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             14410                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               209                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                85513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               85513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.392794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.391513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.339580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.299005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.359198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.321446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.367986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.311627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.312968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.351695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.019139                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.391991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.360704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.297724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.358635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.320248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.367578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.310465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.311801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.349504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.350882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.391991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.360704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.297724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.358635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.320248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.367578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.310465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.311801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.349504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.350882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147906.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151199.559069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153716.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151183.815035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155439.193548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150174.152731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       149415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150630.091244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150253.542857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150999.735401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156362.484848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150867.952727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152181.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150165.762687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153825.921053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151543.471223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151697.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149940.736893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148344.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151663.274874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151570.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151741.215847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155570.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150784.518231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151463.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152183.602212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154636.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151392.174540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151660.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150555.391235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153210.967742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150548.485572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151040.599347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       141785                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       145199                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 144345.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147906.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151199.559069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153716.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151183.815035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155439.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150170.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       149415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150630.091244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150253.542857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150999.735401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156362.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150867.952727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152181.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150165.762687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153825.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151543.471223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151697.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149940.736893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148344.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151656.740903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151570.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151741.215847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155570.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150784.518231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151463.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152183.602212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154636.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151392.174540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151660.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150555.391235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153210.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150548.485572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151039.706816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147906.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151199.559069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153716.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151183.815035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155439.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150170.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       149415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150630.091244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150253.542857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150999.735401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156362.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150867.952727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152181.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150165.762687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153825.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151543.471223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151697.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149940.736893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148344.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151656.740903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151570.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151741.215847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155570.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150784.518231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151463.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152183.602212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154636.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151392.174540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151660.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150555.391235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153210.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150548.485572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151039.706816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 7580                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      7580                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            30001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             30005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            30005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3138103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    267553631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3150245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    265851490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3016844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    190183661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3378330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    125563731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3226166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    101671061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3244297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    101894351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2631090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    190148184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3637740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    103763496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2807041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    188877797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3246978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    277089046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3178216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    102677269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3702686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    119313191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3264193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    280406562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3762210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    116362220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3274330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    115873647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2944143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    185507707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2784339656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        83110                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       261318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       344428                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3138103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    267553631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3150245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    265851490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3016844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    190266771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3378330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    125563731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3226166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    101671061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3244297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    101894351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2631090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    190148184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3637740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    103763496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2807041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    188877797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3246978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    277350364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3178216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    102677269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3702686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    119313191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3264193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    280406562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3762210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    116362220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3274330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    115873647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2944143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    185507707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2784684084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3138103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    267553631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3150245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    265851490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3016844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    190266771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3378330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    125563731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3226166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    101671061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3244297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    101894351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2631090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    190148184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3637740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    103763496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2807041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    188877797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3246978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    277350364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3178216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    102677269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3702686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    119313191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3264193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    280406562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3762210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    116362220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3274330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    115873647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2944143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    185507707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2784684084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.392794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.391513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.339580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.299005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.359198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.321446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.367986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.311627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.312968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.351695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.391991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.360704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.297724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.358635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.320248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.367578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.310465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.311801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.349504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.350882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.391991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.360704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.297724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.358635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.320248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.367578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.310465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.311801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.349504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.350882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89660.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92965.125434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95461.969697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92955.066434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97317.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91920.570807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91306.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92394.209713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92176.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92765.566606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98312.030303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92631.228182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93967.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91903.423876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst        95730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93312.496403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93568.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91688.250971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90193.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93453.303879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93476.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93512.995446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97439.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92562.599690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93262.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93970.027480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96466.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93164.307446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93552.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92329.599203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94972.354839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92292.391542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92808.228259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        83110                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        87106                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86107                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89660.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92965.125434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95461.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92955.066434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97317.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91916.314493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91306.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92394.209713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92176.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92765.566606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98312.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92631.228182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93967.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91903.423876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst        95730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93312.496403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93568.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91688.250971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90193.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93446.888140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93476.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93512.995446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97439.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92562.599690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93262.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93970.027480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96466.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93164.307446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93552.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92329.599203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94972.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92292.391542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92807.334911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89660.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92965.125434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95461.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92955.066434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97317.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91916.314493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91306.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92394.209713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92176.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92765.566606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98312.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92631.228182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93967.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91903.423876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst        95730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93312.496403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93568.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91688.250971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90193.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93446.888140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93476.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93512.995446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97439.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92562.599690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93262.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93970.027480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96466.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93164.307446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93552.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92329.599203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94972.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92292.391542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92807.334911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              521.217201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001249953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1903517.020913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    31.217201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.050028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1241904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1241904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1241904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1241904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1241904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6943098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6943098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6943098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6943098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6943098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6943098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1241951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1241951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1241951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147725.489362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147725.489362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147725.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147725.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147725.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147725.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5588339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5588339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5588339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5588339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5588339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5588339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155231.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155231.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155231.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155231.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155231.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155231.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7342                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166551895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             21920.491577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   228.297562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    27.702438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.891787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.108213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       859980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       710783                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710783                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1972                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1972                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1570763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1570763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        18757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        18757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2178342269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2178342269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7037252                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7037252                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2185379521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2185379521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2185379521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2185379521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1972                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1972                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116663.574818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116663.574818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82791.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82791.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116510.077358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116510.077358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116510.077358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116510.077358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    763294647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    763294647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       996040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       996040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    764290687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    764290687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    764290687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    764290687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104175.603521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104175.603521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 66402.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66402.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104098.431899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104098.431899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104098.431899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104098.431899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              519.679230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1001249437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1910781.368321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    29.679230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.047563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1241388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1241388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1241388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1241388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1241388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6889921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6889921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6889921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6889921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6889921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6889921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1241432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1241432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1241432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156589.113636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156589.113636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156589.113636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156589.113636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156589.113636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156589.113636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5525497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5525497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5525497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5525497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5525497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5525497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162514.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162514.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162514.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162514.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162514.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162514.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 7320                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              166550790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 7576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             21984.000792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   228.310158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    27.689842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.891837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.108163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       859186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       710493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1952                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1952                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1569679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1569679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        18704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        18704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2181437129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2181437129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7816716                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7816716                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2189253845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2189253845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2189253845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2189253845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       877799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       877799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       710584                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710584                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1952                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1952                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1588383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1588383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1588383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1588383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117199.652340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117199.652340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85897.978022                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85897.978022                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117047.361260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117047.361260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117047.361260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117047.361260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    761510715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    761510715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1034551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1034551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    762545266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    762545266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    762545266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    762545266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104245.135524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104245.135524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 68970.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68970.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104172.850546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104172.850546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104172.850546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104172.850546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              552.549791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              915063094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1636964.389982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    26.602162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.947629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.042632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.842865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1244547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1244547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1244547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1244547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1244547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1244547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6457399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6457399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6457399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6457399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6457399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6457399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1244587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1244587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1244587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161434.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161434.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161434.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161434.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161434.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161434.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5381358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5381358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5381358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5381358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5381358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5381358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168167.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168167.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168167.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168167.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168167.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168167.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              204293073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 6000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             34048.845500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   184.573852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    71.426148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.720992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.279008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1849917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1849917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       339171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          803                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          803                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2189088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2189088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        20045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        20045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2163271168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2163271168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4042582                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4042582                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2167313750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2167313750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2167313750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2167313750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1869917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1869917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       339216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          803                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          803                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2209133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2209133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2209133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2209133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108163.558400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108163.558400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 89835.155556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89835.155556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108122.412073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108122.412073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108122.412073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108122.412073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    578993316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    578993316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       694996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       694996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    579688312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    579688312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    579688312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    579688312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100957.858065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100957.858065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 77221.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77221.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100920.667131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100920.667131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100920.667131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100920.667131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              507.416823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              995510376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1936790.614786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    32.416823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.051950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1247274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1247274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1247274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1247274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1247274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1247274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7745194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7745194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7745194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7745194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7745194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7745194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1247322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1247322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1247322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1247322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1247322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1247322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161358.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161358.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161358.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161358.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161358.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161358.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6352032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6352032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6352032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6352032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6352032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6352032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162872.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162872.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162872.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162872.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162872.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162872.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4017                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              151804397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4273                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             35526.421016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   222.908390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    33.091610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.870736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.129264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       857485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        857485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       720562                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       720562                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1735                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1735                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1732                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1732                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1578047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1578047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1578047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1578047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        12933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        12933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1514749527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1514749527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7837978                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7837978                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1522587505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1522587505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1522587505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1522587505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       870328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       870328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       720652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       720652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1735                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1735                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1732                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1732                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1590980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1590980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1590980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1590980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 117943.590049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117943.590049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 87088.644444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87088.644444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 117728.872265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117728.872265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 117728.872265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117728.872265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          849                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             849                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    397047992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    397047992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1109659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1109659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    398157651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    398157651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    398157651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    398157651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99212.391804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99212.391804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 73977.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73977.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99118.160568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99118.160568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99118.160568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99118.160568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              487.417814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              998618172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2029711.731707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    32.417814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.051952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1255652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1255652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1255652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1255652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1255652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8886287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8886287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8886287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8886287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8886287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8886287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1255701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1255701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1255701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 181352.795918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181352.795918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 181352.795918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181352.795918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 181352.795918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181352.795918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6645070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6645070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6645070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6645070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6645070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6645070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 179596.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179596.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 179596.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179596.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 179596.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179596.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 3745                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              148108104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             37017.771557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   217.061522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    38.938478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.847897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.152103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       999718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       741332                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741332                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1741050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1741050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1741050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1741050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         9653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         9653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    990552735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    990552735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6733768                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6733768                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    997286503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    997286503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    997286503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    997286503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1009296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       741407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1750703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1750703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1750703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1750703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103419.579766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103419.579766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 89783.573333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89783.573333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103313.633378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103313.633378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103313.633378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103313.633378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5908                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5908                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    353896235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    353896235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1262027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1262027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    355158262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    355158262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    355158262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    355158262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94903.790560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94903.790560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 78876.687500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78876.687500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94835.316956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94835.316956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94835.316956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94835.316956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              485.616349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              998617610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2037995.122449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    30.616349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.049065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.778231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1255090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1255090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1255090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1255090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1255090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8263923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8263923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8263923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8263923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8263923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8263923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1255137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1255137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1255137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175828.148936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175828.148936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175828.148936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175828.148936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175828.148936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175828.148936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6415705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6415705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6415705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6415705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6415705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6415705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 183305.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183305.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 183305.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183305.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 183305.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183305.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3752                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              148108293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             36953.166916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   217.048137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    38.951863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.847844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.152156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       999241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       741977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1934                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1934                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1741218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1741218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1741218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1741218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         9721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         9721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1001655401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1001655401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7309361                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7309361                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1008964762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1008964762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1008964762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1008964762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1008876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       742063                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742063                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1934                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1934                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1750939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1750939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1750939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1750939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103960.083134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103960.083134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84992.569767                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84992.569767                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103792.280835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103792.280835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103792.280835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103792.280835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        10580                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        10580                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    355618728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    355618728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1305848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1305848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    356924576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    356924576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    356924576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    356924576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95187.025696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95187.025696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 81615.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81615.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95129.151386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95129.151386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95129.151386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95129.151386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              551.766639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              915062779                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1645796.365108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.819665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.946973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.041378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.842864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1244232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1244232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1244232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1244232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1244232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1244232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5779791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5779791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5779791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5779791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5779791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5779791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1244270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1244270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1244270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152099.763158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152099.763158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152099.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152099.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152099.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152099.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4790913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4790913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4790913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4790913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4790913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4790913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165203.896552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165203.896552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165203.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165203.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165203.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165203.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5736                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              204295025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             34094.630340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   184.589134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    71.410866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.721051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.278949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1851609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1851609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       339436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2191045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2191045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2191045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2191045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        19956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        19956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2162555714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2162555714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      3989248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3989248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2166544962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2166544962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2166544962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2166544962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1871520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1871520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       339481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2211001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2211001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2211001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2211001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108611.105118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108611.105118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 88649.955556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88649.955556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108566.093506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108566.093506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108566.093506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108566.093506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          654                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             654                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    578717330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    578717330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       624610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       624610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    579341940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    579341940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    579341940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    579341940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101050.694954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101050.694954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69401.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69401.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101001.035565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101001.035565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101001.035565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101001.035565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              487.794683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              998617956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2017410.012121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    32.794683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.052556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1255436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1255436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1255436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1255436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1255436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9377909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9377909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9377909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9377909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9377909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9377909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1255485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1255485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1255485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 191385.897959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191385.897959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 191385.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191385.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 191385.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191385.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7720488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7720488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7720488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7720488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7720488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7720488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 193012.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193012.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 193012.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193012.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 193012.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193012.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3735                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148107308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 3991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             37110.325232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   217.042926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    38.957074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.847824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.152176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       998987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        998987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       741305                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741305                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1878                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1878                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1740292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1740292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1740292                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1740292                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         9615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         9615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    995440747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    995440747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6435310                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6435310                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1001876057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1001876057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1001876057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1001876057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1008531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       741376                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741376                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1878                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1878                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1749907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1749907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1749907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1749907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104300.162091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104300.162091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 90638.169014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90638.169014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104199.277899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104199.277899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104199.277899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104199.277899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        28404                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        28404                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    354791560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    354791560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1254223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1254223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    356045783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    356045783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    356045783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    356045783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95399.720355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95399.720355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 78388.937500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78388.937500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95326.849531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95326.849531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95326.849531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95326.849531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              553.756456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              915063539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1639898.815412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    27.693378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   526.063078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.044380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.843050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.887430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1244992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1244992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1244992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1244992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1244992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1244992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6238274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6238274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6238274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6238274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6238274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6238274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1245032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1245032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1245032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1245032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1245032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1245032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155956.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155956.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155956.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155956.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155956.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155956.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5036498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5036498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5036498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5036498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5036498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5036498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162467.677419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162467.677419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162467.677419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162467.677419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162467.677419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162467.677419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              204293715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 6000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             34048.952500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   183.727021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    72.272979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.717684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.282316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1850624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       339112                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339112                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          798                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          798                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2189736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2189736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        20078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        20078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2164158353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2164158353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4146124                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4146124                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2168304477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2168304477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2168304477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2168304477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1870657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1870657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       339157                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339157                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          798                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          798                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2209814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2209814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2209814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2209814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108029.668697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108029.668697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92136.088889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92136.088889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107994.047066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107994.047066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107994.047066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107994.047066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    577505967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    577505967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       640706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       640706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    578146673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    578146673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    578146673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    578146673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100698.512119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100698.512119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 71189.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71189.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100652.275940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100652.275940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100652.275940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100652.275940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              571.082434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1026157291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1769236.708621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    29.663382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.419052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.047537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1215965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1215965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1215965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1215965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1215965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1215965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7294046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7294046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7294046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7294046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7294046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7294046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1216013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1216013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1216013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1216013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1216013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1216013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151959.291667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151959.291667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151959.291667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151959.291667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151959.291667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151959.291667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5798020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5798020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5798020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5798020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5798020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5798020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156703.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156703.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156703.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156703.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156703.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156703.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 8121                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              404461813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 8377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             48282.417691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.075363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.924637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.433888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.566112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3181232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3181232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1740830                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1740830                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          852                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          852                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4922062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        4922062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4922062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       4922062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        28546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        28546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3229271088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3229271088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3249099                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3249099                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3232520187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3232520187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3232520187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3232520187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3209748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3209748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1740860                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1740860                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          852                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          852                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4950608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4950608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4950608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4950608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113244.181793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113244.181793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108303.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108303.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113238.989245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113238.989245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113238.989245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113238.989245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1623                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1623                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20425                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20425                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    842717958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    842717958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       897430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       897430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    843615388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    843615388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    843615388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    843615388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103885.349852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103885.349852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99714.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99714.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103880.727497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103880.727497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103880.727497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103880.727497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              486.514501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              998618180                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2033845.580448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    31.514501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.050504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1255660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1255660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1255660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1255660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1255660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8726313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8726313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8726313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8726313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8726313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8726313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1255708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1255708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1255708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 181798.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181798.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 181798.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181798.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 181798.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181798.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6760285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6760285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6760285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6760285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6760285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6760285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 187785.694444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187785.694444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 187785.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187785.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 187785.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187785.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 3742                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              148107403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 3998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             37045.373437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   217.040668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    38.959332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.847815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.152185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       999126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       741218                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741218                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1740344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1740344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1740344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1740344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9536                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9536                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         9616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         9616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    988534218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    988534218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7312175                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7312175                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    995846393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    995846393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    995846393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    995846393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1008662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       741298                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741298                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1749960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1749960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1749960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1749960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000108                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103663.403733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103663.403733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91402.187500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91402.187500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103561.396943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103561.396943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103561.396943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103561.396943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        12242                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        12242                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    354373052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    354373052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1470416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1470416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    355843468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    355843468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    355843468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    355843468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 95133.705235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95133.705235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86495.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86495.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 95094.459647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95094.459647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 95094.459647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95094.459647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              508.681395                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              995510968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1929284.821705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.681395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.053977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1247866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1247866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1247866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1247866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1247866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1247866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8282074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8282074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8282074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8282074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8282074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8282074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1247916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1247916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1247916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1247916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1247916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1247916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165641.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165641.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165641.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165641.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165641.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165641.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6920498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6920498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6920498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6920498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6920498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6920498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168792.634146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168792.634146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168792.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168792.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168792.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168792.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4025                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              151806084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             35460.426069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   222.909751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    33.090249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.870741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.129259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       858412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       721252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       721252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1579664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1579664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1579664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1579664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        12963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        12963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1506094778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1506094778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7614532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7614532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1513709310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1513709310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1513709310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1513709310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       871287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       871287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       721340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       721340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1592627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1592627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1592627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1592627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.014777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116978.235184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116978.235184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86528.772727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86528.772727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116771.527424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116771.527424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116771.527424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116771.527424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          850                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             850                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8938                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8938                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    391310688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    391310688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1052264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1052264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    392362952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    392362952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    392362952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    392362952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97583.712718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97583.712718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 70150.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70150.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97481.478758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97481.478758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97481.478758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97481.478758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              570.104656                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1026156919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1772291.742660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    28.685501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.419156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.045970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.867659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1215593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1215593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1215593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1215593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1215593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1215593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7167623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7167623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7167623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7167623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7167623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7167623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1215638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1215638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1215638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1215638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1215638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1215638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159280.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159280.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159280.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159280.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159280.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159280.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5848823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5848823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5848823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5848823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5848823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5848823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162467.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162467.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162467.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162467.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162467.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162467.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 8118                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              404461007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 8374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             48299.618701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.062357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.937643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.433837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.566163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3180702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3180702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1740551                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1740551                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          855                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          855                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4921253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        4921253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4921253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       4921253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        28629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28629                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        28629                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3253427395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3253427395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2466384                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2466384                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3255893779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3255893779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3255893779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3255893779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3209301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3209301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1740581                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1740581                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          855                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          855                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4949882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4949882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4949882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4949882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113760.180251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113760.180251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 82212.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82212.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113727.122114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113727.122114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113727.122114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113727.122114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1703                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1703                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    846116008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    846116008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       605401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       605401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    846721409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    846721409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    846721409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    846721409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104342.829942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104342.829942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 67266.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67266.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104301.725671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104301.725671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104301.725671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104301.725671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              507.756277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              995511526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1929285.903101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    32.756277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.052494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1248424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1248424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1248424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1248424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1248424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1248424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8422442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8422442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8422442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8422442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8422442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8422442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1248474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1248474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1248474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1248474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1248474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1248474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168448.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168448.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168448.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168448.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168448.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168448.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6852213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6852213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6852213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6852213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6852213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6852213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167127.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167127.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167127.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167127.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167127.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167127.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4023                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              151805542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             35476.873569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   222.912846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    33.087154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.870753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.129247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       858337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       720773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       720773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1814                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1814                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1579110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1579110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1579110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1579110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        12945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12945                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        12945                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1495830447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1495830447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7371709                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7371709                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1503202156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1503202156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1503202156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1503202156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       871195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       871195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       720860                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       720860                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1814                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1814                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1592055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1592055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1592055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1592055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.014759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116334.612459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116334.612459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84732.287356                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84732.287356                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116122.221398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116122.221398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116122.221398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116122.221398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          851                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             851                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8922                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8922                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    387637972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    387637972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1009993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1009993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    388647965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    388647965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    388647965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    388647965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 96716.060878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96716.060878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67332.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67332.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 96606.503853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96606.503853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 96606.503853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96606.503853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              506.161856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              995511168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  512                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1944357.750000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    31.161856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.049939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1248066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1248066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1248066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1248066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1248066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1248066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7621915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7621915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7621915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7621915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7621915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7621915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1248110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1248110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1248110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1248110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1248110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1248110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173225.340909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173225.340909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173225.340909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173225.340909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173225.340909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173225.340909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6390188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6390188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6390188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6390188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6390188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6390188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172707.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172707.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172707.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172707.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172707.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172707.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4025                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              151806532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35460.530717                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   222.911354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    33.088646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.870747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.129253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       858432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       721623                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       721623                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1857                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1857                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1737                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1737                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1580055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1580055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1580055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1580055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        12984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        12984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1491142406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1491142406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7394631                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7394631                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1498537037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1498537037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1498537037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1498537037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       871329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       871329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       721710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       721710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1857                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1857                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1737                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1737                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1593039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1593039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1593039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1593039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.014802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115619.322788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115619.322788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 84995.758621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84995.758621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115414.127927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115414.127927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115414.127927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115414.127927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8959                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8959                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    387171580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    387171580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1032405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1032405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    388203985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    388203985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    388203985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    388203985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 96551.516209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96551.516209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        68827                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        68827                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 96448.195031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96448.195031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 96448.195031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96448.195031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              553.707421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              915063929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1636965.883721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    27.760380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.947041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.044488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.842864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.887352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1245382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1245382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1245382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1245382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1245382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1245382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6472291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6472291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6472291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6472291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6472291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6472291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1245424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1245424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1245424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1245424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1245424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1245424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154102.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154102.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154102.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154102.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154102.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154102.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5225705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5225705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5225705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5225705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5225705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5225705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163303.281250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163303.281250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163303.281250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163303.281250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163303.281250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163303.281250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5751                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              204293864                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             34009.299817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   184.600170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    71.399830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.721094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.278906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1850467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       339408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          807                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          807                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2189875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2189875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        20008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        20008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2141979840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2141979840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3862998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3862998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2145842838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2145842838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2145842838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2145842838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1870430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1870430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       339453                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339453                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          807                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          807                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2209883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2209883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2209883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2209883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107297.492361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107297.492361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 85844.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85844.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107249.242203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107249.242203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107249.242203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107249.242203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          639                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             639                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    573348088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    573348088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       595992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       595992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    573944080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    573944080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    573944080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    573944080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99851.634970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99851.634970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 66221.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66221.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99799.005390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99799.005390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99799.005390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99799.005390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
