
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012025                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12024636186                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               577323068013                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 416063                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   525861                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 288584                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67607184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41667.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17336386225                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21911430190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       264960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       260864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       286080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       418688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       276096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       167680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       277120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       203264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       493312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       478592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       192768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       417920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       194816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       475136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       205824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       418688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5105152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           73344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1425792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1425792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         2070                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         2157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1522                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 39884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           11139                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                11139                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       319344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     22034762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       319344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21694128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       372568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23791156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       361924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     34819182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       361924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     22960861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       404503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13944705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       372568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     23046019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       404503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     16903963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       372568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     41025108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       404503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39800955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       404503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     16031088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       372568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     34755313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       436437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     16201405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       372568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     39513545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       425793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     17116859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       393858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     34819182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               424557710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       319344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       319344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       372568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       361924                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       361924                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       404503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       372568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       404503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       372568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       404503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       404503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       372568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       436437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       372568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       425793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       393858                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6099478                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         118572569                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              118572569                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         118572569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       319344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     22034762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       319344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21694128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       372568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23791156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       361924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     34819182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       361924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     22960861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       404503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13944705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       372568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     23046019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       404503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     16903963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       372568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     41025108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       404503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39800955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       404503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     16031088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       372568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     34755313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       436437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     16201405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       372568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     39513545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       425793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     17116859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       393858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     34819182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              543130278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               28836059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2183791                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953865                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175207                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1461638                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435058                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128003                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5239                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23139225                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12410176                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2183791                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1563061                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2767790                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        576400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       342115                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1400636                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171676                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     26649384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.760956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       23881594     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         425695      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210999      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         420413      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         131463      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         390122      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          60661      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          96333      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1032104      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     26649384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.075731                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430370                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       22854554                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       632389                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2762193                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2231                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       398013                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       202957                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     13855914                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         5138                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       398013                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       22886795                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        376439                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       159290                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2732626                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        96217                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     13835359                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        10392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        77539                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     18108508                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     62659719                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     62659719                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     14646430                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3462060                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1829                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          929                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          207397                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      2517723                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       398437                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3360                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        91077                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         13762965                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12874720                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8600                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2510134                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5153304                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26649384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20999626     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1767837      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905345      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1104267      4.14%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560585      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139739      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164836      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3851      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3298      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26649384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21294     57.36%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8667     23.34%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7165     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10083247     78.32%     78.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99325      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2296341     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394906      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12874720                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.446480                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37126                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002884                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52444549                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16274976                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12545684                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12911846                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9790                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       514765                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10130                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       398013                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        249655                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11746                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13764815                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1787                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2517723                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398437                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4546                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          257                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117894                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67885                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       185779                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12711804                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264159                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162915                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            2659034                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1934391                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           394875                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.440830                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12548474                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12545684                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7597915                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        16449380                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.435069                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.461897                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2528900                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       173934                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26251371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22077084     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1633052      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056355      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330480      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555788      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105554      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67474      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61193      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364391      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26251371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11236447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              2391262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2002955                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1725938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         9812683                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       364391                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           39652288                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          27929047                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                516097                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2186675                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11236447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.883605                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.883605                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.346788                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.346788                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59119428                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      16325718                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      14750584                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               28836059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2183764                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953523                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175723                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1464065                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435073                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128324                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5280                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23145058                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12412017                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2183764                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1563397                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2768384                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        577758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       339464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1401450                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       172149                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     26654001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       23885617     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         426197      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         210878      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         420788      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         130996      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         390154      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          60237      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          96495      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1032639      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     26654001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075730                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.430434                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       22856483                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       633675                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2762709                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2280                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       398850                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       203160                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         2215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     13858250                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         5148                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       398850                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       22889310                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        377252                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       158649                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2732971                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        96965                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     13837559                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        10525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        78208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     18111026                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     62669438                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     62669438                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     14644626                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3466400                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1841                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          942                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          208236                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518734                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       398462                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3197                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        90654                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13765198                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1848                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12876510                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8575                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2513530                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5161738                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           30                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26654001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21003095     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1769029      6.64%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1904756      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1104196      4.14%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561274      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140083      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164390      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3894      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3284      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26654001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21223     57.24%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8653     23.34%     80.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7198     19.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10083572     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99274      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297797     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394966      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12876510                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.446542                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37074                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002879                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52452670                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16280621                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12546462                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12913584                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9575                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515898                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10223                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       398850                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        248443                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11997                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13767061                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1798                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518734                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398462                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          940                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4591                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          244                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117882                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67958                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       185840                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12713668                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265290                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162842                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2660215                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1934248                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           394925                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.440895                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12549376                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12546462                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7598072                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        16449452                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.435096                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.461904                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9998957                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11235157                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2532443                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       174444                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26255151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22081310     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1633073      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055766      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330443      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555796      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105911      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67500      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61332      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364020      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26255151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9998957                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11235157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2391075                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             2002836                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1725761                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         9811518                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       138150                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       364020                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           39658692                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          27934396                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                516236                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2182058                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9998957                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11235157                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9998957                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.883907                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.883907                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.346752                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.346752                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       59126530                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      16326836                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      14752563                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               28836059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2336141                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1915395                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       232553                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       956433                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         910563                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239362                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10273                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22378431                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             13289492                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2336141                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1149925                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2923024                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        657978                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       766690                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1381102                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230954                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     26489959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       23566935     88.97%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         316405      1.19%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         367047      1.39%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         201194      0.76%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         230590      0.87%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         127594      0.48%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          87635      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         226259      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1366300      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     26489959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081015                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.460864                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       22196377                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       952441                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2898795                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        22866                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       419476                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       379291                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     16225837                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        12036                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       419476                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       22231578                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        250176                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       604711                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2887821                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        96193                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     16216340                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        22270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        46286                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     22547371                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     75509189                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     75509189                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     19238173                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3309198                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         4200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2322                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          263290                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1546876                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       841965                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21899                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       186632                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         16190755                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4209                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        15301563                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19752                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2023947                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4675492                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          430                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26489959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20043510     75.66%     75.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2591693      9.78%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1393474      5.26%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       966631      3.65%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       842417      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       429354      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104202      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68045      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50633      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26489959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3709     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14429     43.77%     55.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14830     44.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12812676     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239078      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1874      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1411828      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       836107      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     15301563                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.530640                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32968                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002155                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57145805                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18219080                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15045653                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     15334531                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37789                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       272514                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           87                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          172                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17739                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          936                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       419476                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        198945                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14316                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16194992                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3798                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1546876                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       841965                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2322                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10313                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          172                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134119                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130798                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       264917                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15072528                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1325768                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       229035                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2161653                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2109569                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           835885                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.522697                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             15045892                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            15045653                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8943082                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        23428882                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.521765                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381712                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11296282                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13859403                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2335689                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3779                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       233716                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26070483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20408908     78.28%     78.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2625773     10.07%     88.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1100182      4.22%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       659763      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458224      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       295900      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154354      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123575      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243804      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26070483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11296282                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13859403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2098588                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1274362                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1886                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1983829                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        12494501                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       281965                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       243804                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           42021693                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          32809680                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                345164                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2346100                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11296282                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13859403                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11296282                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.552704                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.552704                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.391742                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.391742                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       67986207                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      20890074                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      15138158                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3774                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               28836059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2334715                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1909425                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230533                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       987023                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         921336                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239545                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10208                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22673093                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             13240115                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2334715                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1160881                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2775800                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        666495                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       402367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1395944                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       232154                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     26282207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       23506407     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         150533      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         239277      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         377362      1.44%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         156904      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         176729      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         185701      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         121735      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1367559      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     26282207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.080965                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.459151                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       22467317                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       610128                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2766946                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         7168                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       430646                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       382526                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     16167003                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1671                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       430646                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       22501077                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        194665                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       317430                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2740940                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        97447                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     16156209                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents         2994                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        27612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        36640                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4924                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     22429731                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     75149246                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     75149246                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     19144983                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3284708                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         4090                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2238                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          294195                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1541995                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       828047                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24715                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       188223                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         16131627                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4102                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        15271793                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19145                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2044215                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4531886                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          371                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26282207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19841588     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2583998      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1415384      5.39%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       964567      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       900049      3.42%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       259488      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       201422      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68530      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47181      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26282207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3580     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11061     38.77%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13887     48.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12793638     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       240935      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1850      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1412275      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823095      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     15271793                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.529607                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28528                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56873462                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18180143                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15024418                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     15300321                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        46769                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278455                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           30                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          207                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24961                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          992                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       430646                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        131309                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13438                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16135761                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5299                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1541995                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       828047                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2239                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9853                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          207                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134342                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131464                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       265806                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15053529                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1329056                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       218260                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  32                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2151704                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2118432                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           822648                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.522038                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             15024665                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            15024418                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8785702                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        22946417                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521029                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382879                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11245339                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     13783943                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2351819                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3731                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       235150                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25851561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20253128     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2712308     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056036      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       568333      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       425461      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237598      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146977      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       130892      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       320828      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25851561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     11245339                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     13783943                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2066622                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1263540                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1978561                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        12420404                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       280004                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       320828                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           41666417                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          32702240                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                367827                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2553852                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          11245339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            13783943                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     11245339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.564268                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.564268                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.389975                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.389975                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       67885152                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      20829379                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15080105                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3726                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               28836059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2337815                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1917173                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       232605                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       955109                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         911393                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239549                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10312                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22393126                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             13302384                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2337815                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1150942                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2925970                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        657728                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       750926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1381846                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230893                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     26491530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       23565560     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         316364      1.19%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         368357      1.39%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         201747      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         230471      0.87%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         127144      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          87194      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         226499      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1368194      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     26491530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081073                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461311                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       22210969                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       936875                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2901291                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        23232                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       419159                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       379109                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     16241077                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        11993                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       419159                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       22246355                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        258018                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       580650                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2890412                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        96932                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     16231409                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        22420                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        46608                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     22571446                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     75581089                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     75581089                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     19262907                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3308517                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         4235                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2354                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          265778                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1548226                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       843010                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22030                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       186070                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         16205621                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4244                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        15318472                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19865                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2020430                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4665298                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          460                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26491530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20038036     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2594568      9.79%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1394485      5.26%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       967868      3.65%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       843417      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       429943      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       105141      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67475      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50597      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26491530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3705     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14392     43.69%     54.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14841     45.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12826946     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239465      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1876      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1413126      9.22%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837059      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     15318472                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531226                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32938                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57181277                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18230473                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15062202                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     15351410                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38309                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       272246                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           91                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          181                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17752                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          938                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       419159                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        206819                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14635                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16209892                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2357                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1548226                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       843010                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2354                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10600                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          181                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134610                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130598                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       265208                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15088952                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1327522                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       229520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2164307                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2111873                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           836785                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523267                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             15062447                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            15062202                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8954862                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        23456488                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522339                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381765                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11310753                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     13877174                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2332870                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3784                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       233756                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26072371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20403996     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2628356     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1102326      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       660044      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458899      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       296317      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154477      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123657      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244299      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26072371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11310753                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     13877174                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2101238                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1275980                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1888                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1986403                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        12510481                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       282321                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       244299                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           42038038                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          32839273                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                345117                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2344529                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11310753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            13877174                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11310753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.549438                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.549438                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.392243                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.392243                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       68061068                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      20914022                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      15153473                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3780                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               28836059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2612652                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2174768                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238502                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       999801                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         953596                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         280030                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11098                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22703295                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             14327497                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2612652                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1233626                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2986022                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        664044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       792614                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1411204                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227862                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     26905291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       23919269     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         183771      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         231752      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         367466      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         152534      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         198190      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         229912      0.85%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         105586      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1516811      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     26905291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090604                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.496860                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       22569056                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       940040                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2971590                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1500                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       423100                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       398033                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     17506543                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1503                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       423100                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       22592619                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         73462                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       802021                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2949497                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        64582                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     17397204                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        44920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     24301609                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     80888690                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     80888690                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     20316969                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3984640                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         4203                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2187                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          229261                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1626923                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       851671                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9714                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       191850                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         16982720                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4215                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        16289551                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16880                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2065993                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4204040                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          155                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26905291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20004621     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3145898     11.69%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1289161      4.79%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       720096      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       976135      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       300355      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       297144      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159184      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12697      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26905291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112636     79.18%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15044     10.58%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14567     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13723991     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222353      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2015      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1492493      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       848699      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     16289551                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.564902                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            142247                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59643520                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19053033                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15864649                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     16431798                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11949                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       306350                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          108                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12486                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       423100                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         56030                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7174                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16986939                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13446                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1626923                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       851671                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2187                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6302                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          108                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139815                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134634                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       274449                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16004835                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1468048                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       284716                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2316615                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2264116                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           848567                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.555029                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             15864765                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            15864649                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         9504100                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        25516734                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.550167                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372465                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11819656                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     14564757                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2422274                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4060                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       240358                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26482191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20317718     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3124880     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1132663      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       566483      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       515969      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217541      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214810      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102355      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289772      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26482191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     11819656                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     14564757                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2159758                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1320573                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              2026                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          2111177                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        13112990                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       300749                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       289772                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           43179372                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          34397177                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                345414                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1930768                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          11819656                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            14564757                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     11819656                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.439670                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.439670                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.409892                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.409892                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       72011189                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      22169699                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      16195205                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         4056                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               28836059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2339484                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1918209                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       232513                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       956205                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         910885                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239877                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10352                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22395331                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             13306984                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2339484                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1150762                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2926681                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        658353                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       751686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1381861                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230838                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     26495931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965317                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       23569250     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         317213      1.20%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         367446      1.39%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         201243      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         230363      0.87%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         127719      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          86862      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         226545      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1369290      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     26495931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081131                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461470                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       22213067                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       937659                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2902291                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        23027                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       419883                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       379800                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2351                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     16248535                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        12058                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       419883                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       22248465                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        257192                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       582609                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2891251                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        96527                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     16238681                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        22469                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        46370                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     22580273                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     75612928                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     75612928                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     19263466                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3316807                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         4202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2323                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          264635                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1550671                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       843260                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21924                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       186945                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         16212691                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        15320970                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20461                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2026853                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4695417                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          428                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26495931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20041920     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2593072      9.79%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1396015      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       968717      3.66%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       843477      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       429606      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104917      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67379      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50828      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26495931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3744     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14519     43.85%     55.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14850     44.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12826931     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239501      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1876      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1415266      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837396      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     15320970                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.531313                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             33113                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002161                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57191445                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18243927                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15063349                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     15354083                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37970                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       274652                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          174                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17981                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          937                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       419883                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        205926                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14538                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16216923                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3738                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1550671                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       843260                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2322                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10488                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          174                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134157                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130838                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       264995                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15090879                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1328365                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       230091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2165504                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2112497                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           837139                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523334                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             15063629                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            15063349                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8953333                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        23453431                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522379                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381749                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11311084                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13877586                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2339480                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3783                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       233660                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26076048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20407147     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2628972     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1102085      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       660357      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458567      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       296362      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154670      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123829      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244059      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26076048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11311084                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13877586                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2101298                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1276019                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1888                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1986459                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12510854                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       282329                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       244059                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           42048977                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          32854032                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                345166                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2340128                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11311084                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13877586                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11311084                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.549363                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.549363                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.392255                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.392255                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       68067245                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      20915594                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15158488                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3778                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               28836059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2378135                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1946684                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234859                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       976962                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         934047                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244763                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10696                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22880219                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             13295661                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2378135                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1178810                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2774701                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        643422                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       527432                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1402417                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       235015                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     26587918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       23813217     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         130198      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         205278      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         276794      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         286290      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         241000      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         135412      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         201379      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1298350      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     26587918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082471                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461078                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       22649736                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       760223                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2769495                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         3183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       405280                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       390531                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     16315335                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1524                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       405280                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       22711921                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        150812                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       468194                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2711128                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       140580                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     16308680                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        18823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        61470                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     22756452                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     75868122                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     75868122                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     19673375                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3083077                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3958                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2023                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          420989                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1529479                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       825614                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9669                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       243480                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         16285879                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3971                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        15445485                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2216                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1838031                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4419821                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           72                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26587918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20015683     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2730787     10.27%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1375909      5.17%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1014220      3.81%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       798328      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       326973      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       204648      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       106805      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14565      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26587918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2822     10.73%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9967     37.90%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13506     51.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12989951     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       230859      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1933      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1399888      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       822854      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     15445485                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.535631                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26295                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001702                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57507399                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18127953                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15209967                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     15471780                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31111                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251637                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           75                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12795                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       405280                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        119330                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16289876                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1529479                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       825614                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2024                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11488                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           75                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       136251                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132785                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       269036                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15229342                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1316196                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       216143                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2138965                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2163751                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           822769                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.528135                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             15210103                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            15209967                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8733862                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        23537056                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.527463                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371069                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11468406                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     14111317                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2178577                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3899                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       237568                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26182638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.538957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20361972     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2900364     11.08%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1081838      4.13%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       514697      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455482      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       250100      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       207675      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99372      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       311138      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26182638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11468406                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     14111317                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2090661                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1277842                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1946                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          2034924                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        12713997                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       290543                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       311138                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           42161316                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          32985086                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                349025                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2248141                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11468406                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            14111317                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11468406                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.514391                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.514391                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.397711                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.397711                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       68535488                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      21191357                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      15119923                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3894                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               28836059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2242302                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2022918                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119251                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       850651                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         798833                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123654                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5354                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23735235                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             14099235                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2242302                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       922487                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2786710                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        375048                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       580805                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1364195                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       119693                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     27355583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       24568873     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          98622      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         203228      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          85463      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         463297      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         411829      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          79379      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         167327      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1277565      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     27355583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077760                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.488945                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       23600428                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       717401                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2776345                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         8819                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       252585                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       197038                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          249                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     16531439                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1497                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       252585                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       23625410                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        517651                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       123308                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2761829                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        74795                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     16521454                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        31464                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        27374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          441                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19403600                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     77808998                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     77808998                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17180472                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2222986                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1930                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          982                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          191437                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3896348                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1969343                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18062                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        95612                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         16486867                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1937                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        15843993                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8423                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1285991                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3086818                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27355583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376708                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21728668     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1681987      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1384831      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       597245      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       758531      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       733637      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417096      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32980      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20608      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27355583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40179     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312230     86.38%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9051      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9941795     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138368      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          947      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3798006     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1964877     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     15843993                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.549451                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361460                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022814                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59413452                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17775208                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15707198                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     16205453                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28492                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       153316                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           70                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          415                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12450                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1402                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       252585                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        475386                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20884                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16488820                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          186                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3896348                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1969343                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          983                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14268                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          415                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68280                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71122                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       139402                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15731831                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3784872                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            5749569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2061363                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1964697                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.545561                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             15707797                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            15707198                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8483635                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        16712446                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.544707                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507624                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12753132                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     14986468                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1504031                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       121664                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27102998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21670126     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1981674      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       929662      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       919973      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249669      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1069904      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80243      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58079      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143668      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27102998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     12753132                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     14986468                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              5699905                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             3743023                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1979356                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        13326110                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       145086                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       143668                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           43449790                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          33233728                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                521766                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1480476                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          12753132                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            14986468                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     12753132                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.261096                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.261096                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.442263                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.442263                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       77768614                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18245224                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      19679965                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               28836059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2243867                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2024139                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119287                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854174                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799857                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123893                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5329                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23756354                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             14108507                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2243867                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       923750                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2788470                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        374558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       579077                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1365206                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       119651                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     27376232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       24587762     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          98831      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         203773      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          84869      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         463418      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         412094      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          79531      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         167653      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1278301      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     27376232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077815                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.489266                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       23622066                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       715107                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2778224                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         8750                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       252080                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       197359                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          251                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     16542225                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1514                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       252080                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       23646996                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        515516                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       123436                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2763611                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        74588                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     16532280                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        31161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        27396                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          422                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19417115                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     77860159                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     77860159                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17199733                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2217370                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1929                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          980                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          191181                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3899117                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1971336                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18063                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        96061                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         16498055                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1934                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        15858653                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8585                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1283523                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3072268                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27376232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21745222     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1681723      6.14%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1387057      5.07%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       597906      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       758437      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       734287      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       418032      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32821      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20747      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27376232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40295     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312695     86.37%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9071      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9950635     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138443      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          948      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3801864     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1966763     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     15858653                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.549959                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            362061                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59464184                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17783916                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15721677                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     16220714                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28519                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       152302                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          407                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12463                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1399                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       252080                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        473626                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20823                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16500003                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3899117                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1971336                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          980                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14249                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          407                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68361                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71249                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       139610                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15746568                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3788780                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112085                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            5755376                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2063781                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1966596                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.546072                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             15722289                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            15721677                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8490690                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        16725853                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.545209                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507639                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12767023                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     15002957                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1498688                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       121682                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27124152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553122                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21685748     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1983080      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931171      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       920759      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249711      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1071342      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80381      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58262      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143698      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27124152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     12767023                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     15002957                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              5705681                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             3746808                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1981612                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        13340789                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       145288                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       143698                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           43482060                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          33255420                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                522123                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1459827                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          12767023                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            15002957                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     12767023                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.258636                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.258636                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.442745                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.442745                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       77840658                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18262763                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      19694645                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               28836059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2381394                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1948910                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234146                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       978832                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         934675                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         245078                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10643                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22900898                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             13316589                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2381394                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1179753                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2778881                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        641269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       525988                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1403019                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234401                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     26609884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       23831003     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         130152      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         205225      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         277790      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         286264      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         242133      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         135700      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         201128      0.76%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1300489      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     26609884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082584                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461803                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       22670348                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       758799                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2773663                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         3244                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       403829                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       391548                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     16341192                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1540                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       403829                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       22732672                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        151485                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       465795                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2715197                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       140903                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     16334743                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        19009                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        61483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     22794176                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     75990305                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     75990305                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     19711880                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3082283                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3916                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1978                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          422471                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1531500                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       827091                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9709                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       195011                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         16311530                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3929                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        15473914                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2234                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1835473                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4408479                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26609884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20065841     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2686934     10.10%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1364199      5.13%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1029650      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       809065      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       327559      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       205254      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       107003      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14379      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26609884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3061     11.68%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9987     38.10%     49.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13162     50.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13013687     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       231314      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1937      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1402478      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       824498      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     15473914                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.536617                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26210                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001694                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57586155                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18151006                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15237854                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     15500124                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31665                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251177                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12683                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       403829                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        120024                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13488                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16315482                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7523                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1531500                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       827091                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1979                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11485                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135173                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132686                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       267859                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15257296                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1318604                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       216617                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2143031                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2167754                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           824427                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.529105                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             15237983                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            15237854                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8750390                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        23582603                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528431                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371053                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11490858                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     14138921                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2176561                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3906                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       236860                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26206055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20406417     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2875016     10.97%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1086974      4.15%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       515552      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       435943      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       249496      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       221274      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        98659      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       316724      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26206055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11490858                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     14138921                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2094728                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1280321                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1950                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          2038894                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        12738884                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       291114                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       316724                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           42204735                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          33034821                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                348614                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2226175                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11490858                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            14138921                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11490858                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.509478                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.509478                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.398489                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.398489                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       68661055                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      21229981                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      15144279                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3900                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               28836059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2334653                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1908945                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230452                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       985571                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         921437                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         240114                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10240                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22683712                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             13239815                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2334653                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1161551                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2774589                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        666165                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       406242                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1396190                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       232056                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     26295236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       23520647     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         149887      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         237580      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         376776      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         157485      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         177249      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         185737      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         123040      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1366835      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     26295236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.080963                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.459141                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       22479066                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       612927                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2765600                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         7244                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       430397                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       382888                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     16169397                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1645                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       430397                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       22512030                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        198972                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       316633                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2740547                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        96655                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     16159028                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents         3072                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        27762                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        36219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4744                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     22429944                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     75165948                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     75165948                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     19146500                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3283444                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         4108                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2258                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          292434                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1543804                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       828327                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24641                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       188557                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         16136120                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4119                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        15276485                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19254                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2048219                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4537754                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          388                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26295236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19852621     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2585666      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1415004      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       964231      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       900180      3.42%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       260487      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       201548      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68317      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47182      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26295236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3568     12.53%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11047     38.80%     51.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13856     48.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12796547     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       240945      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1850      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1413821      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823322      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     15276485                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.529770                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28471                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56895931                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18188658                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15028640                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     15304956                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        45771                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       280150                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           35                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          205                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25184                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          972                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       430397                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        134153                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13540                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16140270                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1543804                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       828327                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2256                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9914                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          205                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134235                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131512                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       265747                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15058205                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1330042                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       218280                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  31                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2152995                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2118811                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           822953                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.522201                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             15028867                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            15028640                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8787707                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        22955746                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.521175                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382811                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11246225                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     13785073                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2355230                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3731                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       235078                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25864839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20264967     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2713353     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056324      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       568198      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       425881      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237919      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146544      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       131129      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       320524      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25864839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11246225                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     13785073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2066797                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1263654                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1978748                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        12421431                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       280039                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       320524                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           41684540                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          32711038                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                367729                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2540823                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11246225                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            13785073                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11246225                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.564066                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.564066                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.390006                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.390006                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       67907389                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      20833209                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      15080583                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3726                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               28836059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2380025                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1948089                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234266                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       978508                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         935627                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         245281                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10649                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22900965                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             13306147                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2380025                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1180908                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2778058                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        640553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       529592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1402943                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234358                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     26611889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956900                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       23833831     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         130214      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         206614      0.78%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         277657      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         286398      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         241612      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         135739      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         200561      0.75%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1299263      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     26611889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082536                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461441                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       22670201                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       762669                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2772931                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         3100                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       402987                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       390913                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     16327715                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1543                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       402987                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       22732549                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        152497                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       468603                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2714303                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       140947                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     16320784                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        18834                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        61615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     22775549                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     75925694                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     75925694                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     19713130                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3062419                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3992                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2055                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          422294                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1530025                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       826656                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9789                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       195133                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         16298254                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4006                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        15466136                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2249                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1821843                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4377991                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           98                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26611889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20068740     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2688309     10.10%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1363386      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1030140      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       807858      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       326920      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       205406      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       106873      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14257      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26611889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3062     11.70%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9949     38.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13170     50.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13007212     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       231129      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1937      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1401901      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823957      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     15466136                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.536347                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26181                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001693                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57572591                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18124177                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15231603                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     15492317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31475                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249615                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           75                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12196                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       402987                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        121010                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13510                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16302286                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6978                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1530025                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       826656                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2054                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11518                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           75                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       136009                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132227                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       268236                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15251004                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1318745                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       215132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2142638                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2167218                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           823893                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.528887                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             15231728                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            15231603                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8746526                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        23567770                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.528214                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371122                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11491573                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     14139806                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2162492                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3908                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       236985                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26208902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20408328     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2875576     10.97%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1086858      4.15%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       516229      1.97%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       435943      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       249959      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       220453      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        98906      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       316650      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26208902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     11491573                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     14139806                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2094870                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1280410                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1950                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          2039020                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        12739677                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       291130                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       316650                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           42194472                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          33007603                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                348622                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2224170                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          11491573                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            14139806                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     11491573                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.509322                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.509322                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.398514                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.398514                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       68635936                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      21221744                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      15133468                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3904                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               28836059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2244078                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2024383                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119631                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       856642                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799489                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123905                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5327                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23754421                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             14108871                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2244078                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       923394                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2788745                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        375997                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       582921                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1365532                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       119996                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     27379491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       24590746     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          98866      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         203384      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          85679      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         463473      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         412034      1.50%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          79590      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         167465      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1278254      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     27379491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077822                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.489279                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       23619565                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       719535                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2778401                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         8826                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       253159                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       197272                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     16542402                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1485                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       253159                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       23644736                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        518970                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       123695                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2763657                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        75269                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     16532211                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        31261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        27563                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          663                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19419686                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     77856956                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     77856956                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17192298                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2227306                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1972                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1023                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          192733                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3897093                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1969742                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18069                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        96571                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         16497301                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1979                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        15855092                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8548                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1287587                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3084795                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           67                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27379491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21748584     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1683091      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1386048      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       597704      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       758933      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       734042      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417521      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32819      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20749      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27379491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40180     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312391     86.38%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9073      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9951243     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138495      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          948      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3799231     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1965175     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     15855092                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.549836                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361644                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022809                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59459867                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17787278                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15717710                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     16216736                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28633                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       153254                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           63                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          414                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12348                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1399                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       253159                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        477269                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20843                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16499297                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          192                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3897093                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1969742                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1024                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14243                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          414                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68568                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71246                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       139814                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15742838                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3786099                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112254                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            5751087                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2062910                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1964988                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.545943                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             15718323                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            15717710                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8488970                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        16726846                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.545071                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507506                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12760033                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     14995079                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1505839                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1912                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       122045                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27126332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21689776     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1983482      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930693      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       920269      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249513      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1070101      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80416      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58305      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143777      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27126332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     12760033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     14995079                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              5701212                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             3743827                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1980639                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        13333874                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       145284                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       143777                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           43483434                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          33255120                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                522288                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1456568                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          12760033                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            14995079                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     12760033                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.259873                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.259873                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.442503                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.442503                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       77817542                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18260630                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      19690475                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1910                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               28836059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2378768                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1946929                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234621                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       977107                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         933739                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244553                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10644                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22877110                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             13299896                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2378768                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1178292                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2775719                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        642324                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       530768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1402136                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234865                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     26588296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       23812577     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         130166      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         205277      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         277440      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         286314      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         241707      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         135208      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         200123      0.75%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1299484      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     26588296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082493                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461224                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       22646712                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       763448                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2770489                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         3234                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       404412                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       390952                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     16320158                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1543                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       404412                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       22709112                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        150940                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       470891                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2711952                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       140986                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     16313160                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        19024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        61509                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     22763599                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     75886615                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     75886615                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     19679885                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3083714                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3927                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1990                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          422757                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1529538                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       825716                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9589                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       300529                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         16290153                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3940                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        15450936                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2191                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1835813                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4414272                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26588296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267294                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19969690     75.11%     75.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2785040     10.47%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1392752      5.24%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       997228      3.75%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       790762      2.97%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       326901      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       204524      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       107181      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14218      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26588296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3078     11.77%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9950     38.05%     49.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13125     50.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12995363     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       230773      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1934      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1399864      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823002      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     15450936                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.535820                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26153                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001693                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57518512                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18129978                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15215181                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     15477089                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31592                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251279                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           73                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12619                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       404412                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        119667                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13481                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16294118                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7365                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1529538                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       825716                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1993                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11402                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           73                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135607                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132977                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       268584                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15234574                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1316134                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       216362                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2139072                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        2164930                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           822938                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.528317                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             15215324                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            15215181                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8736041                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        23546002                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.527644                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371020                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11472188                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     14116021                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2178107                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3899                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       237330                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26183884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20324178     77.62%     77.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2938374     11.22%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1078382      4.12%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       514804      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       477614      1.82%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       250688      0.96%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       193412      0.74%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99353      0.38%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       307079      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26183884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     11472188                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     14116021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2091356                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1278259                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1946                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          2035606                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        12718254                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       290653                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       307079                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           42170855                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          32992685                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                349071                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2247763                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          11472188                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            14116021                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     11472188                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.513562                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.513562                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.397842                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.397842                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       68556622                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      21199552                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      15124156                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3894                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               28836059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2335138                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1909623                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       229958                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       984100                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         921729                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239992                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10214                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22684105                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             13244403                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2335138                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1161721                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2775425                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        664980                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       400798                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1395817                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       231605                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     26290318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       23514893     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         149724      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         237753      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         377804      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         157275      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         176503      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         186662      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         123000      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1366704      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     26290318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.080980                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.459300                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       22477993                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       608884                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2766551                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         7200                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       429688                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       382651                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     16172515                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1669                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       429688                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       22511106                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        197276                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       314672                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2741202                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        96372                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     16162157                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         2827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        27757                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        36388                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4059                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     22436587                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     75180267                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     75180267                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     19164417                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3272147                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         4156                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2302                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          293848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1542454                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       829247                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24799                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       188489                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         16140323                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        15282891                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18769                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2042401                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4517691                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          432                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26290318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19843884     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2587778      9.84%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1416450      5.39%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       964240      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       900426      3.42%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       260315      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       201438      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68710      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47077      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26290318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3600     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11019     38.67%     51.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13878     48.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12802004     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       241194      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1852      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1413500      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       824341      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     15282891                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.529992                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28497                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56903362                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18187091                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15037046                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     15311388                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        46368                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277631                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           35                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          202                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25349                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          974                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       429688                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        131881                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13372                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16144524                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1241                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1542454                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       829247                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2302                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9824                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          202                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134308                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131069                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       265377                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15066105                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1330913                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       216782                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  32                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2154865                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2119969                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           823952                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522474                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             15037285                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            15037046                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8792455                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        22965255                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.521467                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382859                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11256760                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     13797934                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2346619                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3737                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       234591                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25860630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20256758     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2714297     10.50%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1057698      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       568620      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       426554      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237894      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146391      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       130995      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321423      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25860630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     11256760                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     13797934                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2068718                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1264820                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1864                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1980582                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        12432999                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       280285                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       321423                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           41683682                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          32718849                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                367309                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2545741                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          11256760                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            13797934                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     11256760                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.561666                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.561666                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390371                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390371                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       67945924                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      20844465                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      15087297                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3734                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          39900                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.554108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1655503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          72653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          22.786437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           258.346290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    16.647798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   855.575753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    17.844424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   857.675087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.511010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   897.971169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.316935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1226.859874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    17.377880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   875.751406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.973129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   552.627064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    17.708255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   881.883337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    22.483322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   659.628113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    20.231491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1584.948818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    20.972727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1534.049088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    21.098268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   633.695413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    19.023212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1227.012771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    20.798865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   639.917211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    19.321938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1526.621843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.591007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   665.625459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    20.446522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1227.355031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1063.460945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1103.651235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           956.355257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1148.525081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1028.985115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           712.342761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1015.530381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           827.221735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1116.944747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1233.897335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           888.859499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1163.103912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           876.639769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1237.482070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           831.361808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1134.301950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.026110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.026174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.027404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.037441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.026726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.016865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.026913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.020130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.048369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.046815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.019339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.037445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.019529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.046589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.020313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.037456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.032454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.033681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.029186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.035050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.031402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.021739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.030992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.025245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.034086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.037656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.027126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.035495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.026753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.037765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.025371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.034616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   65366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            20444                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 20444                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   241                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    65607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3952                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3983                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3844                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4886                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3953                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2896                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3942                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2955                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5366                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3039                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4912                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3028                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4894                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   65607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 39884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  39885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2070                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2038                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2235                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3271                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2157                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1310                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1588                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3854                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3739                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1506                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1522                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3713                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1608                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3271                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 39885                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5037669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    342223745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4790371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    334946123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5934503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    373418062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5547453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    543014228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5777408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    359226454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6210097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    218706433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5579015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    359694720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6129644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    263745927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5612807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    634247733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6453869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    616092856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6261135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    248332481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5691712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    543226218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6983666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    251784040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5485135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    612514197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6677521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    265152127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6246119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    545925132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6606668600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       184891                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        184891                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5037669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    342223745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4790371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    335131014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5934503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    373418062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5547453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    543014228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5777408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    359226454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6210097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    218706433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5579015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    359694720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6129644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    263745927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5612807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    634247733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6453869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    616092856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6261135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    248332481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5691712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    543226218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6983666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    251784040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5485135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    612514197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6677521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    265152127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6246119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    545925132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       6606853491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5037669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    342223745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4790371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    335131014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5934503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    373418062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5547453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    543014228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5777408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    359226454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6210097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    218706433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5579015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    359694720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6129644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    263745927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5612807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    634247733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6453869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    616092856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6261135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    248332481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5691712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    543226218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6983666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    251784040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5485135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    612514197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6677521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    265152127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6246119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    545925132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      6606853491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              105250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20444                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             20444                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               242                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               105492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              105492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.344254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.338822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.368751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.401892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.354071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.312724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.355559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.350939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.418413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.405312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.332671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.400172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.335834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.403193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.355359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.401497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.378945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.004132                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.343740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.338482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.401005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.353028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.418004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.404917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.331353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.399291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.402799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.378086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.343740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.338482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.401005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.353028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.418004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.404917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.331353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.399291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.402799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.378086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167922.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165325.480676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159679.033333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164431.086402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169557.228571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167077.432662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163160.382353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 166008.629777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169923.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 166539.848864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163423.605263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166951.475573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159400.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 166140.748268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161306.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166086.855793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160365.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164568.690451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169838.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164774.767585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164766.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 164895.405710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162620.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166378.627259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170333.317073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165429.724047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156718.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164964.771613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166938.025000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164895.601368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168814.027027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166898.542342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165647.091566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       184891                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       184891                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167922.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165325.480676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159679.033333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164441.125613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169557.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167077.432662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163160.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 166008.629777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169923.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 166539.848864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163423.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166951.475573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159400.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 166140.748268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161306.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166086.855793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160365.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164568.690451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169838.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164774.767585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164766.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 164895.405710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162620.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166378.627259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170333.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165429.724047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156718.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164964.771613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166938.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164895.601368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168814.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166898.542342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165647.574050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167922.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165325.480676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159679.033333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164441.125613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169557.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167077.432662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163160.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 166008.629777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169923.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 166539.848864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163423.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166951.475573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159400.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 166140.748268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161306.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166086.855793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160365.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164568.690451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169838.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164774.767585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164766.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 164895.405710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162620.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166378.627259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170333.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165429.724047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156718.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164964.771613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166938.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164895.601368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168814.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166898.542342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165647.574050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                11139                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     11139                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            39884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             39885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            39885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3294661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    221642803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3044470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    216294272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3898980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    243292713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3571069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    352571074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3801504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    233641904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3998773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    142423795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3543314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    233652481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3920773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    171299885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3578450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    409966449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4242487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    398469573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4051451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    160668928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3656393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    353142688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4603055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    163152190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3450560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    396522506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4349438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    171494180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4092307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    355489567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4284822693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       126769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       126769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3294661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    221642803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3044470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    216421041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3898980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    243292713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3571069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    352571074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3801504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    233641904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3998773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    142423795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3543314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    233652481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3920773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    171299885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3578450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    409966449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4242487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    398469573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4051451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    160668928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3656393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    353142688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4603055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    163152190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3450560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    396522506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4349438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    171494180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4092307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    355489567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4284949462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3294661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    221642803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3044470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    216421041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3898980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    243292713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3571069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    352571074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3801504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    233641904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3998773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    142423795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3543314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    233652481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3920773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    171299885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3578450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    409966449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4242487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    398469573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4051451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    160668928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3656393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    353142688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4603055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    163152190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3450560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    396522506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4349438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    171494180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4092307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    355489567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4284949462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.344254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.338822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.368751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.401892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.354071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.312724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.355559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.350939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.418413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.405312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.332671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.400172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.335834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.403193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.355359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.401497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.378945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.343740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.338482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.401005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.353028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.418004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.404917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.331353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.399291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.402799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.378086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.343740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.338482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.401005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.353028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.418004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.404917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.331353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.399291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.402799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.378086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 109822.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107073.817874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 101482.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106182.755032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 111399.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108855.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 105031.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107786.937939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 111808.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108317.989801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 105230.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108720.454198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101237.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107922.624018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 103178.236842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107871.464106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 102241.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106374.273223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 111644.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106571.161541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 106617.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106685.875166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 104468.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108160.088208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 112269.634146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107195.919842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98587.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106793.026124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 108735.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106650.609453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 110602.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108679.170590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107432.120474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       126769                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       126769                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 109822.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107073.817874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 101482.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106192.856232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 111399.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108855.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 105031.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107786.937939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 111808.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108317.989801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 105230.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108720.454198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101237.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107922.624018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 103178.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107871.464106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 102241.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106374.273223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 111644.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106571.161541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 106617.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106685.875166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 104468.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108160.088208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 112269.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107195.919842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98587.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106793.026124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 108735.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106650.609453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 110602.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108679.170590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107432.605290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 109822.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107073.817874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 101482.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106192.856232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 111399.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108855.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 105031.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107786.937939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 111808.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108317.989801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 105230.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108720.454198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101237.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107922.624018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 103178.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107871.464106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 102241.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106374.273223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 111644.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106571.161541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 106617.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106685.875166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 104468.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108160.088208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 112269.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107195.919842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98587.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106793.026124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 108735.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106650.609453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 110602.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108679.170590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107432.605290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              552.488576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001432867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1794682.557348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    26.319202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.169374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.042178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.843220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1400598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1400598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6533129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6533129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6533129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6533129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6533129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6533129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171924.447368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171924.447368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171924.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171924.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171924.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171924.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5577465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5577465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5577465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5577465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5577465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5577465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 179918.225806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179918.225806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 179918.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179918.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 179918.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179918.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 6022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              221205131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 6278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35234.968302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   184.441357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    71.558643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.720474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.279526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2072872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2072872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       386426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2459298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2459298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        20791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        20791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2370300225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2370300225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3807230                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3807230                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2374107455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2374107455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2374107455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2374107455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2093618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114253.360889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114253.360889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 84605.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84605.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114189.190275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114189.190275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114189.190275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114189.190275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14769                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14769                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    629386337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    629386337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       593068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       593068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    629979405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    629979405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    629979405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    629979405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104670.935806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104670.935806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 65896.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65896.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104612.986549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104612.986549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104612.986549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104612.986549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              553.201083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1001433680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1794684.014337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    27.031648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.169435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.043320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1401411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1401411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1401411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1401411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1401411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6388841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6388841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6388841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6388841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6388841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6388841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1401450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1401450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1401450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163816.435897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163816.435897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163816.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163816.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163816.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163816.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5218372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5218372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5218372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5218372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5218372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5218372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 168334.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168334.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 168334.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168334.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 168334.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168334.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6021                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              221206370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             35240.779035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   184.239505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    71.760495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.719686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.280314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2074171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2074171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       386356                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386356                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2460527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        2460527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2460527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       2460527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           46                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        20749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        20749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2346670834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2346670834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4938965                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4938965                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2351609799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2351609799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2351609799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2351609799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2094874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       386402                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386402                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          923                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          923                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2481276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2481276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2481276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2481276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 113349.313336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113349.313336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107368.804348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107368.804348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 113336.054701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113336.054701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 113336.054701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113336.054701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    623815153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    623815153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       731483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       731483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    624546636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    624546636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    624546636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    624546636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103761.668829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103761.668829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 81275.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81275.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103728.057798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103728.057798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103728.057798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103728.057798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              512.279798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1076048884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2077314.447876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    30.279798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.048525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1381057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1381057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1381057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1381057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1381057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1381057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7667008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7667008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7667008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7667008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7667008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7667008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1381102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1381102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1381102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1381102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1381102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1381102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170377.955556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170377.955556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170377.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170377.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170377.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170377.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6393061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6393061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6393061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6393061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6393061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6393061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177585.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177585.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177585.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177585.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177585.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177585.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 6079                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              170145751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 6335                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             26858.050671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   227.543061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    28.456939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.888840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.111160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       968764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        968764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       819916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       819916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1926                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1926                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1887                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1887                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1788680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1788680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1788680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1788680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        21023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        21023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2763776636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2763776636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     30751442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30751442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2794528078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2794528078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2794528078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2794528078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       989524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       989524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       820179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       820179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1926                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1926                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1887                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1887                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1809703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1809703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1809703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1809703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.020980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000321                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 133129.895761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133129.895761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 116925.634981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116925.634981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 132927.178709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132927.178709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 132927.178709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132927.178709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            2027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    656315232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    656315232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1238816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1238816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    657554048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    657554048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    657554048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    657554048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108284.974757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108284.974757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 68823.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68823.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108168.127653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108168.127653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108168.127653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108168.127653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              520.084881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1080582373                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2058252.139048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.084881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.048213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1395896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1395896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1395896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1395896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1395896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1395896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7887424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7887424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7887424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7887424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7887424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7887424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1395944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1395944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1395944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1395944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1395944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1395944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164321.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164321.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164321.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164321.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164321.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164321.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5959733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5959733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5959733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5959733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5959733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5959733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170278.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170278.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170278.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170278.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170278.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170278.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 8157                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              178889061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 8413                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             21263.409129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   228.804332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    27.195668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.893767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.106233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       966138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        966138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       799210                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       799210                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1765348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1765348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1765348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1765348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        21003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        21107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        21107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        21107                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        21107                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2589411535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2589411535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8865366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8865366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2598276901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2598276901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2598276901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2598276901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       987141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       799314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       799314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         2184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1786455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1786455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1786455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1786455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123287.698662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123287.698662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 85243.903846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85243.903846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123100.246411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123100.246411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123100.246411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123100.246411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1010                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1010                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12950                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12950                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    905957082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    905957082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1208705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1208705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    907165787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    907165787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    907165787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    907165787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111310.613343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111310.613343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67150.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67150.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111213.165012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111213.165012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111213.165012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111213.165012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              510.228119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1076049627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2081333.901354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    28.228119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.045237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1381800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1381800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1381800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1381800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1381800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1381800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7916748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7916748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7916748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7916748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7916748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7916748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1381846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1381846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1381846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1381846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1381846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1381846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172103.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172103.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172103.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172103.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172103.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172103.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6469078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6469078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6469078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6469078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6469078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6469078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 184830.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184830.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 184830.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184830.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 184830.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184830.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 6110                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              170147499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 6366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             26727.536758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   227.551094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    28.448906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.888871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.111129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       969432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        969432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       820941                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       820941                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1978                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1978                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1790373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1790373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1790373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1790373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          265                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          265                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        21152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        21152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2750893148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2750893148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     29647651                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29647651                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2780540799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2780540799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2780540799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2780540799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       990319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       990319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       821206                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       821206                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1978                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1978                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1811525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1811525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1811525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1811525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000323                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000323                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131703.602624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131703.602624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111877.928302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111877.928302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131455.219317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131455.219317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131455.219317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131455.219317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            2128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15042                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15042                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    649252610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    649252610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1220377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1220377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    650472987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    650472987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    650472987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    650472987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106574.624097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106574.624097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 67798.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67798.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106460.390671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106460.390671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106460.390671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106460.390671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              487.441826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1077535167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2176838.721212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    32.441826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.051990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1411153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1411153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1411153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1411153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1411153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1411153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8662366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8662366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8662366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8662366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8662366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8662366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1411204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1411204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1411204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1411204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1411204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1411204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169850.313725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169850.313725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169850.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169850.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169850.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169850.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6811325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6811325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6811325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6811325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6811325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6811325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170283.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170283.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170283.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170283.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170283.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170283.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4206                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              160314648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35928.876737                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   221.106668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    34.893332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.863698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.136302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1124143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1124143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       835010                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       835010                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2150                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2150                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1959153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1959153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1959153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1959153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           78                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        10897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10897                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        10897                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1186111718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1186111718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      6641311                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6641311                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1192753029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1192753029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1192753029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1192753029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1134962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1134962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       835088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       835088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2150                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2150                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1970050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1970050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1970050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1970050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109632.287457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109632.287457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85145.012821                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85145.012821                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109457.009177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109457.009177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109457.009177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109457.009177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    425046581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    425046581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1249632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1249632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    426296213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    426296213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    426296213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    426296213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101467.314634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101467.314634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 73507.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73507.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101354.306467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101354.306467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101354.306467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101354.306467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              510.753760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1076049644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2077315.915058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.753760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.046080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1381817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1381817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1381817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1381817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1381817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1381817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7210365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7210365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7210365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7210365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7210365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7210365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1381861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1381861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1381861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1381861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1381861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1381861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163871.931818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163871.931818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163871.931818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163871.931818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163871.931818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163871.931818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6159757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6159757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6159757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6159757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6159757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6159757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171104.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171104.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171104.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171104.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171104.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171104.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6107                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              170148681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6363                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             26740.323904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.556620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.443380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.888893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.111107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       970633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        970633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       820963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       820963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1791596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1791596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1791596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1791596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          265                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          265                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        21148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        21148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2752556244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2752556244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     32222969                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32222969                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2784779213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2784779213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2784779213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2784779213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       991516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       991516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       821228                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       821228                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1812744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1812744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1812744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1812744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000323                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000323                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 131808.468324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131808.468324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121596.109434                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121596.109434                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 131680.499953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131680.499953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 131680.499953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131680.499953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2086                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            2086                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    649875566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    649875566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1342813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1342813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    651218379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    651218379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    651218379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    651218379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106729.440959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106729.440959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 74600.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74600.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106634.743573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106634.743573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106634.743573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106634.743573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              508.311111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1074537903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2086481.365049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    33.311111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.053383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1402366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1402366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1402366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1402366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1402366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1402366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8627187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8627187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8627187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8627187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8627187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8627187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1402417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1402417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1402417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1402417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1402417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1402417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169160.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169160.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169160.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169160.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169160.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169160.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7055037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7055037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7055037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7055037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7055037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7055037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 176375.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176375.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 176375.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176375.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 176375.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176375.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4543                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              163967336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             34166.979787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   221.548329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    34.451671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.865423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.134577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       963530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        963530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       808988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       808988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2002                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2002                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1947                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1947                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1772518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1772518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1772518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1772518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        14673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        14673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1815125372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1815125372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8741525                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8741525                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1823866897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1823866897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1823866897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1823866897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       978099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       978099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       809092                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       809092                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2002                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2002                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1947                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1947                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1787191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1787191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1787191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1787191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.014895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124588.192189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124588.192189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84053.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84053.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124300.885777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124300.885777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124300.885777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124300.885777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          947                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             947                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10130                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10130                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    477743621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    477743621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1259181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1259181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    479002802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    479002802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    479002802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    479002802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105578.700773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105578.700773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69954.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69954.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105437.552718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105437.552718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105437.552718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105437.552718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              573.075913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1108891467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1915183.880829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.824688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.251225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.051001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.918391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1364149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1364149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1364149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1364149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1364149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1364149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8054070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8054070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8054070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8054070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8054070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8054070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1364195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1364195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1364195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1364195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1364195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1364195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175088.478261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175088.478261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175088.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175088.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175088.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175088.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6602145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6602145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6602145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6602145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6602145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6602145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 183392.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183392.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 183392.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183392.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 183392.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183392.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 9220                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              440733968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 9476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             46510.549599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.175832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.824168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.434281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.565719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3571725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3571725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1954923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1954923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          960                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          960                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      5526648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        5526648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      5526648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       5526648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        32824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        32824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4019677934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4019677934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2403427                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2403427                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4022081361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4022081361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4022081361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4022081361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3604520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3604520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1954952                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1954952                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          960                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          960                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      5559472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5559472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      5559472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5559472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122569.840951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122569.840951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 82876.793103                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82876.793103                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122534.772148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122534.772148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122534.772148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122534.772148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1569                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1569                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23604                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23604                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1051565018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1051565018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       614508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       614508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1052179526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1052179526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1052179526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1052179526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 114164.044946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114164.044946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 68278.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68278.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 114119.254447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114119.254447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 114119.254447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114119.254447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              573.476683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1108892475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1905313.530928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    32.762672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   540.714011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.052504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.866529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.919033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1365157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1365157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1365157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1365157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1365157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1365157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9383766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9383766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9383766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9383766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9383766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9383766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1365206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1365206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1365206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1365206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1365206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1365206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 191505.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191505.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 191505.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191505.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 191505.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191505.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7725458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7725458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7725458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7725458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7725458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7725458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 198088.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198088.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 198088.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198088.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 198088.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198088.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 9234                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              440739688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 9490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             46442.538251                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.168299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.831701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.434251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.565749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3575457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3575457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1956913                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1956913                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      5532370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        5532370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      5532370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       5532370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        32823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        32823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3985416984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3985416984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2314927                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2314927                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3987731911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3987731911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3987731911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3987731911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3608251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3608251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1956942                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1956942                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      5565193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5565193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      5565193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5565193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121528.846252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121528.846252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 79825.068966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79825.068966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121491.999848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121491.999848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121491.999848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121491.999848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1688                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1688                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23589                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23589                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1039265679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1039265679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       599857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       599857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1039865536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1039865536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1039865536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1039865536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112657.526179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112657.526179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 66650.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66650.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112612.685293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112612.685293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112612.685293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112612.685293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              508.005849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1074538507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2082438.967054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.005849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.052894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1402970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1402970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1402970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1402970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1402970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1402970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8459944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8459944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8459944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8459944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8459944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8459944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1403019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1403019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1403019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1403019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1403019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1403019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172651.918367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172651.918367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172651.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172651.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172651.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172651.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7122440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7122440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7122440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7122440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7122440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7122440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 173718.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173718.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 173718.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173718.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 173718.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173718.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4545                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              163970160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             34153.334722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   221.551408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    34.448592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.865435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.134565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       964820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        964820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       810568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       810568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1775388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1775388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1775388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1775388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        14705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        14705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1799972300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1799972300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8741893                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8741893                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1808714193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1808714193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1808714193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1808714193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       979421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       979421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       810672                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       810672                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1790093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1790093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1790093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1790093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123277.330320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123277.330320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84056.663462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84056.663462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122999.945121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122999.945121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122999.945121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122999.945121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10160                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10160                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    469000976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    469000976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1179544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1179544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    470180520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    470180520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    470180520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    470180520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103600.834106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103600.834106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 65530.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65530.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103450.059406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103450.059406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103450.059406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103450.059406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              520.139580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1080582622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2054339.585551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    30.139580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.048301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1396145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1396145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1396145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1396145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1396145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1396145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7588588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7588588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7588588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7588588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7588588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7588588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1396190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1396190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1396190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1396190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1396190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1396190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168635.288889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168635.288889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168635.288889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168635.288889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168635.288889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168635.288889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6261382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6261382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6261382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6261382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6261382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6261382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173927.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173927.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173927.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173927.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173927.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173927.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 8177                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              178891037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 8433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             21213.214396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   228.821141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    27.178859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.893833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.106167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       968035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        968035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       799266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       799266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2207                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2207                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1767301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1767301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1767301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1767301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        21158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        21158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2587831915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2587831915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9031615                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9031615                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2596863530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2596863530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2596863530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2596863530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       989084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       989084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       799375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       799375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2207                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2207                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1788459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1788459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1788459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1788459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122943.223669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122943.223669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 82858.853211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82858.853211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122736.720389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122736.720389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122736.720389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122736.720389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12981                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12981                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    907830741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    907830741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1222191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1222191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    909052932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    909052932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    909052932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    909052932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111267.402991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111267.402991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 67899.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67899.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111171.937385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111171.937385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111171.937385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111171.937385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              508.240011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1074538428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2070401.595376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    33.240011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.053269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1402891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1402891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1402891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1402891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1402891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1402891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10121292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10121292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10121292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10121292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10121292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10121292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1402943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1402943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1402943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1402943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1402943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1402943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 194640.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 194640.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 194640.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 194640.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 194640.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 194640.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8266582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8266582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8266582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8266582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8266582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8266582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 187876.863636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187876.863636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 187876.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187876.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 187876.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187876.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4550                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              163970523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4806                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             34117.878277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   221.554615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    34.445385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.865448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.134552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       965051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        965051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       810624                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       810624                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2027                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2027                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1952                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1952                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1775675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1775675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1775675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1775675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        14711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        14711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1799517711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1799517711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8387020                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8387020                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1807904731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1807904731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1807904731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1807904731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       979661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       979661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       810725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       810725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2027                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2027                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1952                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1952                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1790386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1790386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1790386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1790386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.014913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123170.274538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123170.274538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83039.801980                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83039.801980                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122894.754333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122894.754333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122894.754333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122894.754333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10161                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10161                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    470192292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    470192292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1196655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1196655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    471388947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    471388947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    471388947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    471388947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103749.402471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103749.402471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 66480.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66480.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103601.966374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103601.966374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103601.966374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103601.966374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              571.532292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1108892804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1915186.189983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.482146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.050146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.048850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1365486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1365486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1365486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1365486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1365486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1365486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7524183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7524183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7524183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7524183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7524183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7524183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1365532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1365532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1365532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1365532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1365532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1365532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163569.195652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163569.195652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163569.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163569.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163569.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163569.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6052399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6052399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6052399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6052399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6052399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6052399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168122.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168122.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168122.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168122.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168122.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168122.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 9217                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              440735436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 9473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             46525.433970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.168073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.831927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.434250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.565750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3572650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3572650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1955424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1955424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1001                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1001                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          955                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          955                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      5528074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        5528074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      5528074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       5528074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        32781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        32781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3992439324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3992439324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2908187                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2908187                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3995347511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3995347511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3995347511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3995347511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3605402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3605402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1955453                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1955453                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1001                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1001                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          955                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          955                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      5560855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5560855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      5560855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5560855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121899.100024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121899.100024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100282.310345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100282.310345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121879.976541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121879.976541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121879.976541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121879.976541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1694                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1694                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23563                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23563                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1037314494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1037314494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       797724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       797724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1038112218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1038112218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1038112218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1038112218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112641.382778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112641.382778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        88636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        88636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112617.945107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112617.945107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112617.945107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112617.945107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              507.660233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1074537623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2082437.253876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    32.660233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.052340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1402086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1402086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1402086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1402086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1402086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1402086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8783045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8783045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8783045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8783045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8783045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8783045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1402136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1402136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1402136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1402136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1402136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1402136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175660.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175660.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175660.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175660.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175660.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175660.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7243603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7243603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7243603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7243603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7243603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7243603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 176673.243902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176673.243902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 176673.243902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176673.243902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 176673.243902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176673.243902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4543                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              163966994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             34166.908523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   221.536387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    34.463613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.865377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.134623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       962943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        962943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       809269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       809269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1966                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1966                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1947                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1947                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1772212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1772212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1772212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1772212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        14649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        14649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1812804382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1812804382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8702336                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8702336                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1821506718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1821506718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1821506718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1821506718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       977491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       977491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       809370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       809370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1966                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1966                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1947                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1947                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1786861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1786861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1786861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1786861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.014883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124608.494776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124608.494776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86161.742574                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86161.742574                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124343.417162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124343.417162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124343.417162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124343.417162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10106                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10106                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    478762761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    478762761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1241558                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1241558                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    480004319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    480004319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    480004319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    480004319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105803.925083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105803.925083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 68975.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68975.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105658.005503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105658.005503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105658.005503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105658.005503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              522.155944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1080582246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2046557.284091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    32.155944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.051532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1395769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1395769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1395769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1395769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1395769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1395769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8374815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8374815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8374815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8374815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8374815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8374815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1395817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1395817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1395817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1395817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1395817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1395817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174475.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174475.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174475.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174475.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174475.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174475.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6745799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6745799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6745799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6745799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6745799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6745799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 177521.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177521.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 177521.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177521.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 177521.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177521.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 8165                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              178891771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 8421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             21243.530578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   228.854108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    27.145892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.893961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.106039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       967969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        967969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       800018                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       800018                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2251                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2251                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1867                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1867                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1767987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1767987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1767987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1767987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        21172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        21172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2586463355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2586463355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8674169                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8674169                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2595137524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2595137524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2595137524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2595137524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       989035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       989035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       800124                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       800124                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         2251                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2251                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1867                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1867                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1789159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1789159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1789159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1789159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122779.044669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122779.044669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 81831.783019                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81831.783019                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122574.037597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122574.037597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122574.037597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122574.037597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          985                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             985                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    908071373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    908071373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1179477                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1179477                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    909250850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    909250850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    909250850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    909250850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111460.828894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111460.828894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 65526.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65526.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111359.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111359.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111359.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111359.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
