
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.119848                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                119847731961                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               685146163788                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 317449                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   403832                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2031164                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67619548                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59004.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 18730896582                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   23827899145                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2789248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2120064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2911872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1670272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      4318976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      4742016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      4316032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4280832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2080640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4248192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2810112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2851968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2814464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1624576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      4350464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2823040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             50830592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11756672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11756672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        21791                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        16563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        22749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        13049                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        33742                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        37047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        33719                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        33444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        16255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        33189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        21954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        22281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        21988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        12692                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        33988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        22055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                397114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           91849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                91849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        37381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     23273265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        43789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     17689646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        41653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24296430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        42721                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13936618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        39517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     36037194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        40585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     39567007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        40585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     36012630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        40585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     35718924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        43789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     17360696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        39517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     35446578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        37381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     23447352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23796596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        37381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     23483665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13555334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     36299928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        37381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     23555223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               424126441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        37381                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        43789                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        41653                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        42721                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        39517                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        40585                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        40585                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        40585                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        43789                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        39517                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        37381                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41653                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        37381                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44857                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40585                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        37381                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             649357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          98096742                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               98096742                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          98096742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        37381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     23273265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        43789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     17689646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        41653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24296430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        42721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13936618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        39517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     36037194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        40585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     39567007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        40585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     36012630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        40585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     35718924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        43789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     17360696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        39517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     35446578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        37381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     23447352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        41653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23796596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        37381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     23483665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        44857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13555334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        40585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     36299928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        37381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     23555223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              522223182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              287404634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       21809967                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19467325                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739079                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14463621                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14209629                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310973                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52180                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230355612                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            123934528                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          21809967                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     15520602                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            27619102                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5722295                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      3446301                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           31                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        13940060                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707001                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    265394480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.766034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      237775378     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        4203261      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2134491      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        4158034      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1332917      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3840948      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         607786      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         990750      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       10350915      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    265394480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.075886                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.431220                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      227990762                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5863863                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        27564524                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        22260                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3953067                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      2064755                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        20365                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    138654364                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        38405                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3953067                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      228258637                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       3451292                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1578051                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        27309298                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       844131                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    138455173                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       106890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       656259                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    181473730                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    627585251                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    627585251                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    147034310                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       34439400                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        18601                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9412                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1917107                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     24956195                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      4066560                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26440                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       926524                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        137748186                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18667                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       128944334                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82139                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24976972                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51162171                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265394480                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208883788     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17791785      6.70%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18891180      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10974890      4.14%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5677585      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1422380      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680090      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39517      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33265      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265394480                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215261     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87808     23.36%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72858     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101123131     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013171      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22766504     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032338      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    128944334                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.448651                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            375927                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002915                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523741214                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162744172                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125661312                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    129320261                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102528                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5118132                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          118                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          355                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100614                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3953067                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2437762                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103701                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137766945                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18274                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24956195                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066560                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9408                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        45970                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2565                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          355                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171347                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671318                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1842665                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127312768                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22443989                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1631566                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           26476134                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19340879                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          4032145                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.442974                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            125689805                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           125661312                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76028277                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       165713777                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.437228                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.458793                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    112615982                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25156583                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18535                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      1728221                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261441413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219485518     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16496825      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10570443      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3353143      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5530652      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080983      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686075      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627323      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610451      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261441413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    112615982                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             23804006                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            19838060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17267930                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        98436176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      3610451                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          395603150                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         279501372                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               5130197                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              22010154                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           112615982                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.874046                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.874046                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.347942                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.347942                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      591731098                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     163746417                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     147211565                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        18518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              287404634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       23695917                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19389869                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2309087                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9761341                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9323995                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2443999                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       104661                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227930288                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            132512349                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          23695917                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     11767994                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            27659135                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6312827                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      5463259                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13944115                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2311567                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    265026371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      237367236     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1291339      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2047949      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2770086      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2854627      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        2414429      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1353877      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        2000925      0.75%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       12925903      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    265026371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082448                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461065                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      225607713                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      7805583                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        27608716                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        31074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3973284                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3899864                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    162601527                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1996                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3973284                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      226230165                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1607909                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      4775351                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        27024972                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles      1414687                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    162543951                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       194049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       616217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    226783603                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    756209109                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    756209109                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    196542124                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       30241464                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        40026                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20707                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         4207303                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     15215167                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      8242456                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        96854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1973360                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        162340011                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       154108839                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21008                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18034786                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43262076                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1207                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265026371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199813876     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26814168     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13579245      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10249286      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8058750      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3263523      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2038321      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1067834      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       141368      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265026371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28906     11.20%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        96369     37.34%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132820     51.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129610735     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2304197      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19317      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13957855      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8216735      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    154108839                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.536209                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            258095                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001675                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    573523151                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180415601                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151810577                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    154366934                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       316261                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2447576                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          142                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          638                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       120428                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3973284                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1285949                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137768                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162380340                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        66698                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15215167                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8242456                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20709                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       116125                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          638                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1338992                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1302854                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2641846                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    151996334                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13136240                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2112504                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 160                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           21352675                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       21598477                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          8216435                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.528858                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            151810827                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           151810577                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        87154342                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       234875355                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.528212                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371066                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114572099                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    140978821                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21401526                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38962                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2338348                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261053087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203222558     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28669043     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10820773      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5159701      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4360272      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2489817      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2180582      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       987264      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3163077      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261053087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    114572099                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    140978821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20889616                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            12767588                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             19438                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         20329631                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       127019806                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2902996                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3163077                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          420269577                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         328734046                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3451845                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              22378263                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         114572099                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           140978821                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    114572099                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.508505                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.508505                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.398644                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.398644                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      684082375                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     211463594                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     150728548                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        38928                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              287404634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       23344018                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19140363                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2287976                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9748509                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9124808                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2398748                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103113                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222876778                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            132620557                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          23344018                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     11523556                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            29182450                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6481304                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      7498283                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        13728212                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2269876                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    263715473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      234533023     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3166304      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        3663712      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2013645      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2309109      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1280231      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         867487      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        2259138      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       13622824      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    263715473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081224                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461442                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      221070121                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      9338897                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        28937061                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       232683                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      4136707                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3792104                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        21256                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    161915007                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts       104833                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      4136707                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      221423575                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       3305097                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      5042925                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        28830508                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       976657                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    161816081                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       249564                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       455556                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    224899601                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    753401536                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    753401536                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    192231974                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       32667627                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        42616                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23872                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2606530                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     15449866                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      8416034                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222344                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1865854                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        161583536                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42684                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       152804174                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       213702                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20045214                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46182325                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4931                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    263715473                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199332967     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25891110      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13921320      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9629479      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8416884      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4304978      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1045888      0.40%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       668543      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       504304      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    263715473                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40575     12.28%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       141572     42.86%     55.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       148203     44.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127909279     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2387486      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18720      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14130631      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8358058      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    152804174                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531669                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330350                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002162                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    569867873                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181672861                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150261231                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    153134524                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       386220                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2713683                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          950                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1429                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       176586                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9360                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      4136707                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2747639                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       166680                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161626356                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58838                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15449866                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8416034                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23830                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       117958                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1429                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1327663                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1281985                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2609648                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150545504                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13269212                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2258670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           21625297                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       21074196                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          8356085                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.523810                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            150263556                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           150261231                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        89302386                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       233890772                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.522821                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381812                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112883215                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    138493793                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23133947                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37753                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2301173                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259578766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203008741     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26231027     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10993166      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6606617      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4572527      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2957198      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1530640      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1234155      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2444695      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259578766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    112883215                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    138493793                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             20975631                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            12736183                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             18836                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         19822080                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       124856391                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2817660                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2444695                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          418761057                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         327392265                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3412911                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              23689161                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         112883215                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           138493793                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    112883215                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.546035                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.546035                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392768                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392768                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      679096403                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     208547670                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     151104141                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        37718                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              287404634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       26015166                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21658347                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2364708                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9982451                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9520005                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2796638                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109749                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226367309                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            142770256                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          26015166                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     12316643                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            29747378                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       6575544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      7792299                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        14056875                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2259897                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    268096296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      238348918     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1826547      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2292996      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3659260      1.36%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1526779      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1975498      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        2312635      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1057790      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       15095873      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    268096296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090518                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.496757                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      225033864                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      9254540                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        29603917                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        15474                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      4188496                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3961726                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          816                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    174473977                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         3960                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      4188496                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      225264986                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        734654                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      7876615                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        29388411                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       643124                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    173395018                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        93055                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       448155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    242138364                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    806303756                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    806303756                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    202709383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       39428981                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        42034                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21951                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2258599                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     16219879                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      8500787                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        99386                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1982405                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        169286899                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42187                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       162479293                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163229                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20428092                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41456196                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1679                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268096296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199239274     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31381313     11.71%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12894024      4.81%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7187533      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9725847      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3003794      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2950536      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1590041      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123934      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268096296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1119077     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       150250     10.63%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144209     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136858780     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2224515      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20082      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14902584      9.17%     94.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8473332      5.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    162479293                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.565333                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1413537                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008700                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594631648                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189758077                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158249885                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    163892830                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       121724                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3028975                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           67                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          904                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       124473                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           78                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      4188496                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        557543                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        70380                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169329091                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       132390                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16219879                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8500787                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21952                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        61235                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           72                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          904                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1400400                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1327650                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2728050                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159647897                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14658983                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2831396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           23131458                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       22570468                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          8472475                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.555481                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            158250488                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           158249885                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        94811253                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       254594912                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.550617                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372400                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    117957969                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    145348604                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23981097                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40508                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2384721                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    263907800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202408246     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31161160     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11311349      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5646303      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5151059      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2169562      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2142808      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1021561      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2895752      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    263907800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    117957969                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    145348604                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             21567218                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            13190904                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             20208                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         21061971                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       130861538                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2999041                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2895752                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          430340930                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         342847940                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3428332                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              19308338                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         117957969                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           145348604                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    117957969                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.436500                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.436500                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.410425                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.410425                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      718407417                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     221074672                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     161426383                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        40474                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              287404634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       23248387                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19009287                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2269960                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9813200                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9194043                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2395743                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101241                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    225869551                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            131853657                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          23248387                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     11589786                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            27642649                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6559540                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      4024647                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        13883826                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2287820                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    261776771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      234134122     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1493584      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2366353      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3763187      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1572406      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1767470      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1855853      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1223652      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       13600144      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    261776771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.080891                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.458774                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      223808878                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      6101559                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        27556483                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        70435                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      4239414                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3815193                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          488                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    161048253                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         3224                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      4239414                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      224132916                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1972877                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      3160930                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        27309021                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       961611                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    160962893                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents        28463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       277894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       358856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents        47341                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    223473327                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    748776928                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    748776928                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    191133658                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       32339669                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        40956                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22474                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2891617                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     15349520                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      8246648                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249654                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1875220                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        160758712                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41072                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       152298388                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186568                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20168427                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44637710                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3802                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    261776771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197546435     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25781526      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14105747      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9604641      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8985126      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2592954      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2006539      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       683487      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       470316      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    261776771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35501     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109458     38.65%     51.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138255     48.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127589441     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2404180      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18477      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14078327      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8207963      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    152298388                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.529909                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283214                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    566843329                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180969850                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149864357                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    152581602                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       461949                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2735924                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          380                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1676                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       228617                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9488                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      4239414                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1307620                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137159                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160799927                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10516                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15349520                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8246648                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22458                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101076                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1676                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1330039                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1289642                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2619681                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150143089                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13244578                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2155299                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 143                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           21450632                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       21131089                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          8206054                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.522410                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            149865499                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           149864357                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        87624040                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       228895924                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.521440                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382812                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112267609                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    137609345                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23190830                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37270                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2318025                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257537357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201674582     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27053469     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10532613      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5672893      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4254023      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2371205      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1460320      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1308082      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3210170      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257537357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    112267609                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    137609345                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             20631627                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            12613596                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             18594                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         19752790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       123996263                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2795178                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3210170                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          415126608                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         325839975                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3643129                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              25627863                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         112267609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           137609345                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    112267609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.559996                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.559996                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.390626                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.390626                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      677104229                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     207748934                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     150203939                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        37236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              287404634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       22329057                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20147379                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1169107                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8403707                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7984311                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1236081                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        51920                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236756617                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            140489422                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          22329057                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9220392                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            27784482                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       3669295                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      5796216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        13588830                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1175259                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    272808255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      245023773     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         993038      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2026671      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         857256      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        4619927      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        4108821      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         797513      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1663094      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       12718162      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    272808255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077692                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.488821                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      235423230                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      7143681                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        27683441                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        87415                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      2470483                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1961225                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          457                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    164739233                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2449                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      2470483                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      235662729                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       5180047                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1214030                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        27547796                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       733165                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    164654303                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       312262                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       266092                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4308                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    193297099                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    775558307                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    775558307                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    171587575                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       21709506                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        19128                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9660                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1853247                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     38859992                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores     19661996                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179331                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       954868                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        164334178                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19188                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       158061427                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81873                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12582522                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30110598                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    272808255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376901                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216676133     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16784153      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13798152      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5965662      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7565974      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7326811      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4158211      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       328505      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       204654      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    272808255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400414     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3119591     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90178      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99142308     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1380335      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9466      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37910132     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19619186     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    158061427                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.549961                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3610183                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    592623165                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176939920                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156715838                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    161671610                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       285236                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1480098                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          664                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4039                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117061                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13993                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      2470483                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       4763730                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       208134                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164353473                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1579                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38859992                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19661996                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9662                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142105                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          102                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4039                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       682241                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       689537                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1371778                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    156957198                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37782610                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1104229                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 107                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           57400221                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       20564956                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores         19617611                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.546119                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            156720679                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           156715838                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        84627522                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       166687116                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.545279                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.507703                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127364294                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    149675102                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14693983                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19082                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1194960                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270337772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216087617     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19779197      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9281978      3.43%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9188692      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2496437      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10690680      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       798770      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581103      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1433298      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270337772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    127364294                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    149675102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             56924821                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            37379891                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              9526                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         19764835                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       133097648                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1449730                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      1433298                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          433273169                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         331208933                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               5191910                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              14596379                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         127364294                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           149675102                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    127364294                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.256556                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.256556                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.443153                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.443153                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      775989704                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     181972942                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     196206787                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        19052                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              287404634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       23252717                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19012809                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2269763                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9828955                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9198864                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2394881                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101399                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    225859829                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            131855934                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          23252717                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     11593745                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            27646145                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6553996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      4037960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13883006                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2287680                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    261778509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615558                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      234132364     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1496788      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2368203      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3762320      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1574651      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1767394      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1854772      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1220691      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13601326      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    261778509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.080906                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.458782                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      223804549                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      6109851                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        27559484                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        70557                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      4234066                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3815974                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          487                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    161040472                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         3193                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      4234066                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      224131380                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1975930                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      3167417                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        27309206                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       960508                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    160951203                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        30589                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       277291                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       358213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        47491                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    223448097                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    748713136                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    748713136                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    191152272                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       32295824                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        40936                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22455                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2888953                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     15345487                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      8247911                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249563                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1872191                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        160737247                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41059                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       152292687                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186365                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20140488                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44539410                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3788                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    261778509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581762                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197545253     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25784390      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14108022      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9607471      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8980159      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2593702      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2005730      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       683942      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       469840      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    261778509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35507     12.53%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109442     38.62%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138430     48.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127584916     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2404057      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18478      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14076045      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8209191      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    152292687                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.529889                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283379                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001861                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    566833627                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180920430                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149861839                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    152576066                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       460451                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2730611                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          352                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       229084                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9519                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      4234066                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1314064                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136773                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160778458                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        38148                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15345487                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8247911                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22441                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100569                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1329948                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1289662                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2619610                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150140975                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13245344                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2151712                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           21452538                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       21133001                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          8207194                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522403                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            149862940                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           149861839                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        87625966                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       228876712                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521432                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382852                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112278537                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    137622858                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23155831                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37271                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2317828                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257544443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201677465     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27054466     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10531311      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5676043      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4254910      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2372158      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1459362      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1308785      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3209943      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257544443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    112278537                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    137622858                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             20633703                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12614876                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             18595                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         19754759                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       124008435                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2795464                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3209943                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          415112435                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         325791656                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3642642                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              25626125                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         112278537                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           137622858                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    112278537                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.559747                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.559747                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390664                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390664                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      677092025                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     207745343                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     150207384                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        37236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              287404634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       23256752                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19017545                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2271621                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9803362                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9195289                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2395729                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101522                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    225889764                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            131886013                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          23256752                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     11591018                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            27651324                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6566568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      4029534                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13887015                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2289289                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    261815876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      234164552     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1498497      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2367242      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3764083      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1572086      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1765281      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1856947      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1220918      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       13606270      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    261815876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.080920                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.458886                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      223830374                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      6105568                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        27564794                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        70393                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      4244745                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3815200                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          489                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    161078423                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         3208                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      4244745                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      224159546                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1968575                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      3165289                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        27312269                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       965450                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    160990162                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents        31727                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       277129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       360571                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents        47952                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    223510772                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    748887484                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    748887484                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    191127528                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       32383237                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        41073                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22596                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2900645                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     15352150                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      8247332                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249203                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1871842                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        160777911                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41192                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       152307221                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186630                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20196959                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44669976                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3925                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    261815876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197580844     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25782787      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14109621      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9606397      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8981775      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2592713      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2007249      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       684078      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       470412      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    261815876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35576     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109774     38.70%     51.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138280     48.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127598212     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2404090      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18476      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14077929      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8208514      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    152307221                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.529940                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283630                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    566900574                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181017709                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149869931                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    152590851                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       460833                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2738965                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          350                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1677                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       229574                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9492                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      4244745                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1307606                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136749                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160819261                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        36860                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15352150                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8247332                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22579                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100633                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           41                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1677                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1329695                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1291804                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2621499                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150149508                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13245827                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2157709                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 158                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           21452412                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       21132476                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          8206585                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.522432                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            149871069                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           149869931                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        87633610                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       228901814                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.521460                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382844                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112263896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    137604896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23214598                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37267                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2319724                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257571131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201705162     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27055007     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10532554      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5677520      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4252024      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2372043      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1461347      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1307964      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3207510      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257571131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    112263896                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    137604896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             20630940                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            12613185                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             18592                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         19752195                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       123992210                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2795087                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3207510                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          415182361                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         325883953                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3644461                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              25588758                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         112263896                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           137604896                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    112263896                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.560081                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.560081                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.390613                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.390613                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      677128405                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     207760392                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     150237299                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        37234                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              287404634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       23702428                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19394182                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2307654                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9820613                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9335701                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2447245                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105230                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228027620                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            132545328                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          23702428                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     11782946                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            27669247                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6301533                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      5467194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        13947522                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2310214                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    265127880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      237458633     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1291959      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2050233      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2771477      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2855563      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2415712      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1361633      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        2000939      0.75%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12921731      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    265127880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082471                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461180                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      225705975                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      7808494                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        27619487                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        30511                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3963412                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3901708                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          384                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    162635188                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2004                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3963412                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      226328562                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1611664                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      4774945                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        27035096                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles      1414198                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    162576888                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       193146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       616451                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    226826205                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    756368569                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    756368569                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    196688893                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       30137312                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        40116                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20782                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         4201972                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     15212278                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      8247170                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        96708                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1911964                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        162375327                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40260                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       154184165                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21054                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17968201                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43060173                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1271                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265127880                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199925097     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26779818     10.10%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13566782      5.12%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10267751      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8072629      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3268668      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2036888      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1069630      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       140617      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265127880                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         29032     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        94420     36.84%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132880     51.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129670045     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2305747      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19331      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13967500      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8221542      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    154184165                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.536471                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            256332                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    573773596                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180384419                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151893185                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    154440497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       316739                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2435186                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          154                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          632                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       119108                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3963412                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1291586                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137474                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162415747                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        66195                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15212278                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8247170                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20785                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       115959                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          632                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1341149                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1298649                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2639798                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152078983                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13146011                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2105182                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 160                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           21367243                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       21609844                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          8221232                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.529146                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            151893445                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           151893185                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        87196866                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       234964644                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.528499                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371106                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114657554                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    141083978                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21331806                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38989                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2336934                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261164468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203328826     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28649901     10.97%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10834817      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5167174      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4337009      1.66%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2494178      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2194933      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       986643      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3170987      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261164468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    114657554                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    141083978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             20905154                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            12777092                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             19452                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         20344790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       127114547                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2905159                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3170987                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          420408485                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         328795036                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3450145                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              22276754                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         114657554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           141083978                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    114657554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.506635                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.506635                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.398941                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.398941                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      684477309                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     211574156                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     150773841                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        38954                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              287404634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       23267563                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19026059                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2269666                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9851466                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9206310                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2396428                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101395                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    225933372                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            131943359                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          23267563                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     11602738                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            27670980                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       6558420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      4028480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13888558                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2287486                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    261871820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      234200840     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1501522      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2374990      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3766198      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1574615      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1767100      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1857923      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1216694      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       13611938      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    261871820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.080958                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.459086                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      223875934                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      6102536                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        27584352                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        70514                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      4238482                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3817081                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          486                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    161144252                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         3185                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      4238482                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      224205502                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1966426                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      3171148                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        27331358                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       958902                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    161051785                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        29493                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       276940                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       357690                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        47188                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    223591918                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    749187445                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    749187445                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    191234787                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       32357131                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        41094                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22604                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2886478                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     15357699                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      8252013                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249076                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1870174                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        160830973                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41212                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       152366405                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186961                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20185335                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44648355                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3925                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    261871820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273370                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197610074     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25793474      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14117098      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9609663      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8984648      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2594669      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2007925      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       683893      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       470376      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    261871820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35567     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109755     38.68%     51.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138402     48.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127642915     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2405399      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18486      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14086360      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8213245      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    152366405                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.530146                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283724                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    567075315                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181059187                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149932151                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    152650129                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       462899                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2737420                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          442                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1700                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       229754                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9498                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      4238482                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1307713                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136988                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160872342                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59859                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15357699                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8252013                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22585                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100909                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1700                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1329723                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1290476                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2620199                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150213434                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13253439                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2152971                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 157                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           21464789                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       21142041                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          8211350                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522655                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            149933305                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           149932151                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        87669308                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       228996640                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.521676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382841                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112326875                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    137682153                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23190453                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37287                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2317828                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257633338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201738531     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27068576     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10538883      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5679422      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4255125      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2371168      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1462172      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1307515      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3211946      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257633338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    112326875                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    137682153                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             20642538                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            12620279                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             18602                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         19763272                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       124061868                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2796671                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3211946                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          415293244                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         325983923                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3642982                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              25532814                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         112326875                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           137682153                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    112326875                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.558645                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.558645                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390832                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390832                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      677419929                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     207848754                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     150303754                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        37254                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              287404634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       21805936                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19463795                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739479                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14485298                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14206428                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310552                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52226                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230341279                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            123899082                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          21805936                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     15516980                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            27614683                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5720345                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      3463236                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13939231                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707334                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    265390315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      237775632     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        4203969      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2133885      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        4157825      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1334134      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3840144      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         608528      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         987704      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10348494      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    265390315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075872                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.431096                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      227975334                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5881895                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        27560008                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        22357                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3950717                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      2064095                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        20370                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    138617912                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        38403                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3950717                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      228243029                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       3463579                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1583861                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        27304705                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       844420                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    138418032                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       106973                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       656674                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    181433187                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    627407069                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    627407069                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    147013612                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       34419559                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        18588                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9399                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1916508                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     24944008                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      4066668                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26910                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       927942                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        137706628                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18652                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       128908894                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82269                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24952901                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51108160                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          118                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265390315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208885003     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17795955      6.71%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18891323      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10970998      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5676070      2.14%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1418935      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1679242      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39420      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33369      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265390315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215487     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87886     23.35%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72936     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101099351     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012909      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22755069     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032375      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    128908894                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.448528                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376309                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002919                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523666681                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162678521                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125628944                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    129285203                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102404                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5111173                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          122                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          350                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100731                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3950717                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2448297                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103794                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137725371                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18308                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24944008                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066668                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9394                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46112                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2569                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          350                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172340                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671981                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1844321                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127278122                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22435091                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1630772                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           26467255                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19336254                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          4032164                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.442853                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            125657604                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           125628944                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        76006674                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       165655955                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.437115                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458822                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99982482                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    112598461                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25132654                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18534                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1728613                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261439598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219488605     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16498316      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10567652      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352116      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5528933      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1079890      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       685829      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627719      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610538      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261439598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     99982482                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    112598461                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             23798768                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            19832831                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17265021                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        98421556                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1412124                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3610538                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          395559798                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         279416097                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               5130164                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              22014319                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          99982482                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           112598461                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     99982482                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.874550                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.874550                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.347881                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.347881                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      591565343                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     163712219                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     147169596                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        18516                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              287404634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       23364005                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19156719                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2287590                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9618008                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9125751                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2398401                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102926                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222991062                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            132827271                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          23364005                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     11524152                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            29214079                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6499701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      7369905                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13736598                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2270194                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    263751774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      234537695     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3169378      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        3664368      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2012173      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2311991      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1273255      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         869657      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        2265333      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       13647924      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    263751774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081293                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.462161                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      221180815                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      9214036                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        28969534                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles       231919                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      4155466                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3795836                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        21263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    162149564                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts       104984                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      4155466                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      221534829                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       3261899                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      4959067                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        28861843                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       978666                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    162052528                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          280                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       250328                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       456677                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    225225951                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    754551886                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    754551886                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    192323184                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       32902767                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        42253                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23507                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2609593                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     15458967                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      8429229                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221708                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1872591                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        161816936                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       152930197                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       213459                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20225341                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46738370                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4553                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    263751774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199324582     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25906718      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13918772      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9647084      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8426625      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4309093      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1044610      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       669262      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       505028      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    263751774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40126     12.16%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       141428     42.87%     55.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       148350     44.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128009513     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2393113      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18729      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14138603      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8370239      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    152930197                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.532108                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            329904                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002157                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    570155531                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    182086058                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150390913                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    153260101                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       385707                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2716774                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          985                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1458                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       185895                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9367                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      4155466                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2701154                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       165772                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161859391                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62894                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15458967                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8429229                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23460                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       116640                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1458                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1326821                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1283178                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2609999                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150675052                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13275267                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2255145                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 129                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           21643498                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       21084375                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          8368231                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.524261                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            150393143                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           150390913                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        89375638                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       234115574                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.523272                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381759                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112936748                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    138559369                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23301231                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37773                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2300766                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259596308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203000990     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26243057     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10999302      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6608339      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4574100      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2956437      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1531881      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1234796      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2447406      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259596308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    112936748                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    138559369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20985527                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            12742193                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             18846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         19831440                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       124915524                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2818986                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2447406                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          419008748                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         327876751                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3414184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              23652860                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         112936748                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           138559369                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    112936748                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.544828                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.544828                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.392954                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.392954                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      679672387                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     208727638                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     151327770                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        37738                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              287404634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       21808503                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19465532                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739055                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14449751                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14205226                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310720                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52340                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230301565                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            123918106                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          21808503                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     15515946                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            27614513                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5721080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      3450578                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        13937431                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1706905                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    265338926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.766097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      237724413     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        4202239      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2135247      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        4157941      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1332591      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3838033      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         607570      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         989980      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10350912      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    265338926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075881                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.431163                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      227935805                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      5868979                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        27559961                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        22312                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3951865                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      2064898                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        20377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    138631578                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        38405                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3951865                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      228203615                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       3452375                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1580946                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        27304546                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       845575                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    138431997                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       107100                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       657560                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    181454103                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    627464016                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    627464016                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    147013720                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       34440363                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        18586                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9397                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1921238                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     24947015                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      4066185                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26523                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       927746                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        137720393                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18648                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       128914954                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82655                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24966272                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51154018                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          115                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265338926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485850                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208836833     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17792982      6.71%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18888373      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10970361      4.13%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5677169      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1419698      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680810      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39483      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33217      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265338926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215716     57.30%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87899     23.35%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72872     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101100363     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013257      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22759820     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032324      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    128914954                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.448549                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376487                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002920                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523627976                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162705655                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125633633                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    129291441                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101541                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5114150                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          137                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          350                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100249                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3951865                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2437126                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103791                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137739135                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18285                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24947015                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066185                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9391                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46152                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2603                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          350                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171161                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672229                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1843390                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127286660                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22440459                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1628294                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           26472559                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19337878                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          4032100                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.442883                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            125662377                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           125633633                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        76010910                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       165656649                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.437132                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.458846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99982575                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    112598554                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25146177                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18533                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1728189                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261387061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219433497     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16500199      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10567271      4.04%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352018      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5530097      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1081278      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686325      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627977      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3608399      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261387061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     99982575                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    112598554                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             23798796                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            19832860                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17265036                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        98421634                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1412124                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3608399                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          395523016                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         279444490                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               5129631                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              22065708                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          99982575                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           112598554                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     99982575                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.874547                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.874547                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.347881                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.347881                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      591601367                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     163716737                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     147190109                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        18514                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              287404634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       26001301                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21652883                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2367657                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10145030                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9531211                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2797449                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       110089                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226448098                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            142705045                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          26001301                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     12328660                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            29747472                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       6573862                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      7802740                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        14061320                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2263262                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    268183048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028426                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      238435576     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1824846      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2307537      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3663172      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1528853      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1976100      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        2309801      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1049926      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       15087237      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    268183048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090469                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.496530                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      225115442                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      9263286                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        29604751                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        15567                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      4183997                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3952892                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          741                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    174389356                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         3363                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      4183997                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      225345254                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        733337                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      7888591                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        29390788                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       641071                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    173315371                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        92553                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       447206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    242073036                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    805995283                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    805995283                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    202751232                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       39321761                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        42411                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22324                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2254787                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     16214339                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      8488079                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100688                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1978483                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        169219628                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42560                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       162442709                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       157350                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20385958                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41309209                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2044                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268183048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199326121     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31390650     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12894026      4.81%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7184674      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9727926      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2995729      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2950886      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1589968      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123068      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268183048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1116782     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149318     10.59%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144166     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136837007     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2226380      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20086      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14898759      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8460477      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    162442709                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.565206                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1410267                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594636077                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189649039                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158221197                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    163852976                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       122219                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3020727                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          899                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       110060                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      4183997                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        556913                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        69915                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169262193                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130523                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16214339                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8488079                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22325                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60708                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           78                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          899                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1407764                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1321948                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2729712                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159616010                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14658114                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2826693                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           23117919                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       22566494                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          8459805                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.555370                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            158221636                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           158221197                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        94821043                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       254602721                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.550517                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372427                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    117982270                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    145378526                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23884360                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40516                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2387735                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    263999051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202481872     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31170645     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11314381      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5647424      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5154487      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2171051      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2143857      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022170      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2893164      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    263999051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    117982270                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    145378526                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             21571628                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            13193609                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             20212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         21066313                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       130888464                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2999654                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2893164                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          430367954                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         342709832                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3434285                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              19221586                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         117982270                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           145378526                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    117982270                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.435999                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.435999                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.410509                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.410509                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      718289707                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     221065121                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     161349992                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        40482                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              287404634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       23244712                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19007475                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2269397                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9824957                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9196712                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2394122                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101525                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    225792484                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            131821364                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          23244712                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     11590834                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            27641148                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       6554946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      4034232                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        13879493                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2287154                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    261703765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      234062617     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1497646      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2369337      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3762179      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1572477      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1765897      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1856710      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1219665      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       13597237      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    261703765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.080878                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.458661                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      223736155                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      6107324                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        27554099                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        70789                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      4235396                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3813353                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          484                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    160997682                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         3191                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      4235396                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      224063099                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1971946                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      3168317                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        27304050                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       960955                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    160908084                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        29408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       277525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       358009                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        48708                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    223396674                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    748521289                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    748521289                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    191098692                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       32297873                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        41048                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22573                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2887714                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     15341112                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      8245506                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249515                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1870869                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        160693490                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41171                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       152242680                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186620                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20141555                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44572703                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3908                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    261703765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197489452     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25779465      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14102779      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9602734      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8978802      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2592733      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2003820      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       684178      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       469802      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    261703765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35535     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109278     38.59%     51.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138399     48.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127542388     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2403138      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18473      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14072126      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8206555      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    152242680                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.529715                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283212                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    566658957                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180877860                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149812636                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    152525892                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       460841                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2729816                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          404                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1676                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       228954                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9521                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      4235396                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1313139                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137379                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160734815                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        38916                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15341112                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8245506                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22557                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101237                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           39                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1676                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1330804                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1288578                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2619382                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150091336                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13240221                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2151344                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 154                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           21444812                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       21124954                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          8204591                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.522230                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            149813742                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           149812636                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        87594910                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       228810776                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.521260                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382827                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112246995                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    137584113                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23150863                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37263                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2317452                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257468369                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201615816     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27047850     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10530710      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5672715      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4253278      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2370597      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1460725      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1307173      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3209505      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257468369                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    112246995                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    137584113                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             20627829                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            12611284                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             18590                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         19749186                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       123973491                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2794657                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3209505                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          414993086                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         325705652                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3641964                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              25700869                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         112246995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           137584113                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    112246995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.560466                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.560466                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390554                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390554                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      676869758                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     207679347                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     150166341                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        37230                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              287404634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       21806635                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19463651                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739768                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14456582                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14206551                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310527                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52234                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230334877                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            123898712                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          21806635                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     15517078                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            27611911                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5721273                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      3458622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13939044                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707672                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    265377162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      237765251     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        4200131      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2133644      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        4157180      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1336852      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3839604      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         608591      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         988870      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10347039      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    265377162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075874                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.431095                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      227973137                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      5873009                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        27557377                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        22290                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3951345                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      2064724                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        20378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    138616570                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        38457                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3951345                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      228240620                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       3456376                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1583223                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        27302234                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       843360                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    138418242                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       106981                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       655616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    181429168                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    627410881                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    627410881                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    147003662                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       34425503                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        18594                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9405                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1916498                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     24944975                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      4066180                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        25904                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       928084                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        137707388                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18659                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       128907516                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82553                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24961806                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51128445                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265377162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208876504     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17794912      6.71%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18885142      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10971820      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5676635      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1418601      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680820      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39429      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33299      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265377162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215586     57.28%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87908     23.36%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72863     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101097469     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012716      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22756292     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4031849      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    128907516                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.448523                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376357                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002920                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523651104                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162688194                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125626550                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    129283873                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101012                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5113185                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          128                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          349                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100566                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3951345                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2444948                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103144                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137726142                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18308                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24944975                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066180                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9399                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        45790                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2606                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          349                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172797                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672304                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1845101                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127276522                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22435476                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1630994                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  95                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           26467152                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       19336821                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          4031676                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.442848                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            125655335                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           125626550                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        76000781                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       165661878                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.437107                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.458770                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99976167                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    112591042                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25140737                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18536                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1728898                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261425817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219477513     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16497310      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10565890      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3351410      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5529752      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080618      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686431      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       628106      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3608787      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261425817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     99976167                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    112591042                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             23797402                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            19831788                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17263894                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        98414988                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1411998                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3608787                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          395548432                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         279418067                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               5131095                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              22027472                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          99976167                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           112591042                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     99976167                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.874731                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.874731                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.347859                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.347859                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      591557696                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     163705332                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     147168457                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        18520                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         397316                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.235903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2221655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         430077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.165715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           257.260959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.319639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1641.453955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     4.059439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1283.351566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.396108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1740.932528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.489977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1030.017540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.810236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1986.367831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.684591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  2697.751736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.773574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1990.046623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.824346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1982.854403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.837797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1270.226633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.776505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  2000.070190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.256559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1610.183092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.661632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1742.677948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.474633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1618.286868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.740463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   998.819280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.650417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1991.193044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.765823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1607.876192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           326.163581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           265.950662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           321.379849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           248.648592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           353.974340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           343.137824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           366.234878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           388.059813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           291.999074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           399.966613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           325.870687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           361.699210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           327.962139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           283.455958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           342.077632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           321.762925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.050093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.039165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.053129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.031434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.060619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.082329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.060731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.060512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.038764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.061037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.049139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.053182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.049386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.030482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.060766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.049068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.009954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.008116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.009808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.007588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.010802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.010472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.011177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.011843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.008911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.012206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.009945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.011038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.010009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.008650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.010439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.009819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        29965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        48112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        55288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        48117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        48470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        30298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        48758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        40806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        47856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        40261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  656398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           175765                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                175765                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          243                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          170                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          242                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2334                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        30134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        48263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        55378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        48270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        48616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        30472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        48908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        40976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        48007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        40340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   658732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40606                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        30134                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40381                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28588                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        48263                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        55378                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        48270                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        48616                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        30472                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        48908                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40468                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        40976                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40402                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        48007                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        40340                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  658732                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        22749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        37047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        22275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        33986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        22051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                397050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  64                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        22749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        37047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        22281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        33988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        22055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 397114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21791                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16563                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        22749                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13049                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33742                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        37047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33719                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33444                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16255                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33189                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21954                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        22281                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21988                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12692                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        33988                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        22055                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                397114                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5733475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612817896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6803252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2765827797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6248385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3829302066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6283547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2187531700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5840667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5642881147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6284590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6160365918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6025284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5641406864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6439837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5592767959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6855886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2706467530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6101396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5547694181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5534505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3643442666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6423572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3742716476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5497178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3648712248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6838291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2126680749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6029242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5683473647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5534040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3655406585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66285968576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       189118                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3000000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       959567                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       379708                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       977695                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       964502                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       171480                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2981666                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       333658                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       640000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      10597394                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5733475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3613007014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6803252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2765827797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6248385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3829302066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6283547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2190531700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5840667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5642881147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6284590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6160365918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6025284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5641406864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6439837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5593727526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6855886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2706467530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6101396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5548073889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5534505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3644420361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6423572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3743680978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5497178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3648883728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6838291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2129662415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6029242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5683807305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5534040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3656046585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      66296565970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5733475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3613007014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6803252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2765827797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6248385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3829302066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6283547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2190531700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5840667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5642881147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6284590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6160365918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6025284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5641406864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6439837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5593727526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6855886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2706467530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6101396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5548073889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5534505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3644420361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6423572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3743680978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5497178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3648883728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6838291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2129662415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6029242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5683807305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5534040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3656046585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     66296565970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        46528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        81854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        92335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        81836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        81908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        46553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        81945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        63081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        41333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        81842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        62312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1053448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       175765                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            175765                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          260                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2398                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        46697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        63130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        82005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        92425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        81989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        82060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        46727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        63257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        41593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        81995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        62395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1055846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        46697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        63130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        82005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        92425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        81989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        82060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        46727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        63257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        41593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        81995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        62395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1055846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.355979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.314941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.412222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.401224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.412031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.408239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.349172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.404991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.352876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.306632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.415264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.376905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.068966                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.039474                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.013158                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.070588                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.034091                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012195                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.069231                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.013072                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.048193                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.026689                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.354691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.313399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.411463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.400833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.411262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.407555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.404266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.352428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.305148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.414513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.376110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.354691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.313399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.411463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.400833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.411262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.407555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.404266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.352428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.305148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.414513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.376110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163813.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165801.647361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165932.975610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166988.335265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       160215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 168328.368983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157088.675000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 167871.360602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157855.864865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 167236.119584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165383.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166285.149081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158560.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 167306.470061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169469.394737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 167257.849124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167216.731707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166500.617041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164902.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 167164.678368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158128.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 166003.401950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164706.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 168023.186352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157062.228571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165948.617274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162816.452381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 167798.701988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158664.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 167229.848967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158115.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 165770.558478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166946.149291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       189118                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 166666.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 159927.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       189854                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162949.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160750.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       171480                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 165648.111111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       166829                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       160000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165584.281250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163813.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165802.717360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165932.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166988.335265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       160215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 168328.368983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157088.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 167869.698827                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157855.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 167236.119584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165383.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166285.149081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158560.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 167306.470061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169469.394737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 167256.534087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167216.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166500.617041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164902.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 167166.045648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158128.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 166002.567231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164706.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 168021.227862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157062.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165948.868838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162816.452381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 167795.651986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158664.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 167229.825380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158115.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 165769.511902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166945.929809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163813.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165802.717360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165932.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166988.335265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       160215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 168328.368983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157088.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 167869.698827                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157855.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 167236.119584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165383.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166285.149081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158560.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 167306.470061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169469.394737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 167256.534087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167216.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166500.617041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164902.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 167166.045648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158128.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 166002.567231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164706.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 168021.227862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157062.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165948.868838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162816.452381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 167795.651986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158664.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 167229.825380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158115.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 165769.511902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166945.929809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                91849                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     91849                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        22749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        37047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        22275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        33986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        22051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           397050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             64                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        22749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        37047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        22281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        33988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        22055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            397114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        22749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        37047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        22281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        33988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        22055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           397114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3699566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2343651892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4415743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1801355288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3978192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2504462699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3956210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1428759389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3692314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3678256939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4071080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4004066940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3814835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3678051662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4229215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3645726719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4469250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1759901122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3948559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3615449850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3499860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2365054776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4154447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2445485894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3461650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2368012845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4394520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1388759324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3818802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3704605916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3498566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2371035976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43165740040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       130562                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1954274                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       610645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       263169                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       627532                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       613323                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       113465                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1932709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       216804                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       406852                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6869335                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3699566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2343782454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4415743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1801355288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3978192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2504462699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3956210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1430713663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3692314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3678256939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4071080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4004066940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3814835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3678051662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4229215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3646337364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4469250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1759901122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3948559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3615713019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3499860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2365682308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4154447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2446099217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3461650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2368126310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4394520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1390692033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3818802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3704822720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3498566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2371442828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  43172609375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3699566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2343782454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4415743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1801355288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3978192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2504462699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3956210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1430713663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3692314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3678256939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4071080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4004066940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3814835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3678051662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4229215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3646337364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4469250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1759901122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3948559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3615713019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3499860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2365682308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4154447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2446099217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3461650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2368126310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4394520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1390692033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3818802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3704822720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3498566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2371442828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  43172609375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.355979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.314941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.412222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.401224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.412031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.408239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.349172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.404991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.352876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.306632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.415264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.376905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.068966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.039474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.013158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.070588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.034091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.069231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.013072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.048193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.354691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.313399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.411463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.400833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.411262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.407555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.404266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.352428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.305148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.414513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.376110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.354691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.313399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.411463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.400833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.411262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.407555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.404266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.352428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.305148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.414513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.376110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 105701.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107556.305278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 107701.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108757.790738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102004.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110091.111653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98905.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109643.111734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99792.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109011.230484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 107133.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108080.733663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 100390.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109079.500044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 111295.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109029.449100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 109006.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108268.294186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 106717.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108941.749782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst        99996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107757.188628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 106524.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109786.123187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98904.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107700.588757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 104631.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109575.455578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100494.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109003.881481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 99959.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107525.099814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108716.131570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       130562                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108570.777778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101774.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 131584.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104588.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102220.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       113465                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107372.722222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       108402                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       101713                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107333.359375                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 105701.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107557.361021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 107701.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108757.790738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102004.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110091.111653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98905.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109641.632539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99792.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109011.230484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 107133.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108080.733663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 100390.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109079.500044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 111295.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109028.147470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 109006.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108268.294186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 106717.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108943.114255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst        99996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107756.322675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 106524.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109784.085858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98904.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107700.850919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 104631.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109572.331626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100494.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109003.846063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 99959.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107524.045704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108715.908719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 105701.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107557.361021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 107701.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108757.790738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102004.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110091.111653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98905.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109641.632539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99792.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109011.230484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 107133.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108080.733663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 100390.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109079.500044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 111295.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109028.147470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 109006.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108268.294186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 106717.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108943.114255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst        99996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107756.322675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 106524.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109784.085858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98904.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107700.850919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 104631.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109572.331626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100494.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109003.846063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 99959.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107524.045704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108715.908719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              559.942740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1013972285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1801016.492007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.801749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   525.140991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.055772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.841572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13940016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13940016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13940016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       13940016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13940016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      13940016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7559896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7559896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7559896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7559896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7559896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7559896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13940060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13940060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13940060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     13940060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13940060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     13940060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171815.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171815.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171815.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171815.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171815.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171815.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6452174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6452174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6452174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6452174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6452174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6452174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 179227.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179227.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 179227.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179227.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 179227.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179227.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                62397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              243203962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                62653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3881.760841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   199.863350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    56.136650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.780716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.219284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     20494543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20494543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3946819                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946819                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9329                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9329                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24441362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24441362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24441362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24441362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       215241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          404                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          404                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       215645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       215645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       215645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       215645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24706728687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24706728687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     37203465                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37203465                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24743932152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24743932152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24743932152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24743932152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     20709784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20709784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9329                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9329                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24657007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24657007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24657007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24657007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114786.349659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114786.349659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92087.784653                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92087.784653                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114743.825046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114743.825046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114743.825046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114743.825046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7430                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7430                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       153248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       153248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       153248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       153248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6564656100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6564656100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5807495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5807495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6570463595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6570463595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6570463595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6570463595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105348.013288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105348.013288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 69969.819277                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69969.819277                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105300.953491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105300.953491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105300.953491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105300.953491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              516.784373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1087079600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2098609.266409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    41.784373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.066962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13944063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13944063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13944063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13944063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13944063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13944063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8895545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8895545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8895545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8895545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8895545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8895545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13944115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13944115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13944115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13944115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13944115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13944115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 171068.173077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171068.173077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 171068.173077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171068.173077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 171068.173077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171068.173077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7478790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7478790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7478790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7478790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7478790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7478790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173925.348837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173925.348837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173925.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173925.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173925.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173925.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                46697                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              179918309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                46953                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              3831.881009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.497768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.502232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.912101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.087899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9603732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9603732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8083679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8083679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20565                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20565                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17687411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       17687411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17687411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      17687411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       149520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          988                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          988                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       150508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       150508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       150508                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       150508                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18810285318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18810285318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     85226744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85226744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18895512062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18895512062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18895512062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18895512062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      9753252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9753252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8084667                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8084667                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        20565                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20565                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17837919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17837919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17837919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17837919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 125804.476445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125804.476445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86261.886640                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86261.886640                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 125544.901680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125544.901680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 125544.901680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125544.901680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            9856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       102992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       102992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       103811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       103811                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103811                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        46528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        46697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        46697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4943142023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4943142023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11208088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11208088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4954350111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4954350111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4954350111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4954350111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106240.156959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106240.156959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66320.047337                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66320.047337                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106095.683042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106095.683042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106095.683042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106095.683042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              520.582491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1088395988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2085049.785441                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    38.582491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.061831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13728161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13728161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13728161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       13728161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13728161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      13728161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8234375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8234375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8234375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8234375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8234375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8234375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13728212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13728212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13728212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     13728212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13728212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     13728212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161458.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161458.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161458.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161458.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161458.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161458.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6721736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6721736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6721736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6721736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6721736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6721736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168043.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168043.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168043.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168043.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168043.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168043.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                63130                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              186272608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                63386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              2938.702679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.252284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.747716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.915048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.084952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      9684927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9684927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8195262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8195262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20302                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20302                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18859                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18859                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17880189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       17880189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17880189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      17880189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       216394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3919                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3919                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       220313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       220313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       220313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       220313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  28625851085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28625851085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    498076474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    498076474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29123927559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29123927559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29123927559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29123927559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      9901321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9901321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8199181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8199181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        20302                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20302                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        18859                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18859                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18100502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18100502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18100502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18100502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 132285.789278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132285.789278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 127092.746619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127092.746619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 132193.413730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132193.413730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 132193.413730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132193.413730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           21134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       153438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       157183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       157183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        63130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        63130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6775519997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6775519997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11581364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11581364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6787101361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6787101361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6787101361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6787101361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107623.101801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107623.101801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 66559.563218                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66559.563218                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107509.921765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107509.921765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107509.921765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107509.921765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              494.035265                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1090180836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2193522.808853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    39.035265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.062557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     14056822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14056822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     14056822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       14056822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     14056822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      14056822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8940095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8940095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8940095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8940095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8940095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8940095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     14056875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14056875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     14056875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     14056875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     14056875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     14056875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168681.037736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168681.037736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168681.037736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168681.037736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168681.037736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168681.037736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7078797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7078797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7078797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7078797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7078797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7078797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168542.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168542.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168542.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168542.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168542.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168542.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                41637                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              177955531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                41893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4247.858377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.463503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.536497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     11229779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11229779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8332566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8332566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        21632                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21632                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20237                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20237                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     19562345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       19562345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     19562345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      19562345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       106861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2592                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2592                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       109453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       109453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       109453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       109453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11812477716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11812477716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    190284611                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    190284611                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12002762327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12002762327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12002762327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12002762327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     11336640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11336640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8335158                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8335158                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        21632                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21632                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        20237                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20237                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     19671798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19671798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     19671798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19671798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000311                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110540.587455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110540.587455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 73412.272762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73412.272762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109661.337076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109661.337076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109661.337076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109661.337076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       500479                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets            12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 41706.583333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9003                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            9003                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        65485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        67816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        67816                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67816                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4213983355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4213983355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21985654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21985654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4235969009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4235969009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4235969009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4235969009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101846.078765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101846.078765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84236.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84236.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101735.692029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101735.692029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101735.692029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101735.692029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              526.409099                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1093070256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2070208.818182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    36.409099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.058348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.843604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13883779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13883779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13883779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       13883779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13883779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      13883779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7773600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7773600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7773600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7773600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7773600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7773600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13883826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13883826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13883826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     13883826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13883826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     13883826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165395.744681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165395.744681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165395.744681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165395.744681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165395.744681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165395.744681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6374860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6374860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6374860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6374860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6374860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6374860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167759.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167759.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167759.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167759.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167759.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167759.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                82005                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              194768542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                82261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              2367.689938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.379392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    21.620608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.915544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.084456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      9628483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9628483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7979507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7979507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        22268                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22268                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18618                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18618                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17607990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       17607990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17607990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      17607990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       208532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       208532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          906                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          906                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       209438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       209438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       209438                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       209438                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25973677320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25973677320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     78194277                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78194277                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  26051871597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26051871597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  26051871597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26051871597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      9837015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9837015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7980413                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7980413                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        22268                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22268                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18618                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18618                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17817428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17817428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17817428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17817428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124554.875607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124554.875607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 86307.149007                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86307.149007                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124389.421199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124389.421199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124389.421199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124389.421199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9964                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            9964                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       126678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       127433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       127433                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127433                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        81854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        82005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        82005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9227778200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9227778200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10155748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10155748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9237933948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9237933948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9237933948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9237933948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112734.603074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112734.603074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 67256.609272                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67256.609272                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112650.862118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112650.862118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112650.862118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112650.862118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              578.588151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1121116096                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1926316.316151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    37.529056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   541.059095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.060143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.867082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13588778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13588778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13588778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       13588778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13588778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      13588778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8720341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8720341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8720341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8720341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8720341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8720341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13588830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13588830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13588830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     13588830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13588830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     13588830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167698.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167698.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167698.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167698.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167698.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167698.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6726307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6726307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6726307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6726307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6726307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6726307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172469.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172469.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172469.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172469.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172469.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172469.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                92425                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              490403887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                92681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              5291.309837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.916405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.083595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.437173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.562827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     35654122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35654122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     19525297                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19525297                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9536                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9536                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     55179419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       55179419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     55179419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      55179419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       326762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       327060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       327060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       327060                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       327060                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  39771065801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39771065801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     26587407                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26587407                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  39797653208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39797653208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  39797653208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39797653208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     35980884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35980884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     19525595                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19525595                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9536                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9536                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9526                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9526                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     55506479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55506479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     55506479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55506479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121712.640396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121712.640396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 89219.486577                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89219.486577                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121683.034330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121683.034330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121683.034330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121683.034330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15243                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           15243                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       234427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       234427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       234635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       234635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       234635                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       234635                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        92335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        92425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        92425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10407301817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10407301817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      6522450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6522450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10413824267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10413824267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10413824267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10413824267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112712.425592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112712.425592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 72471.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72471.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112673.240649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112673.240649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112673.240649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112673.240649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              527.244699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1093069431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2066293.820416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.244699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.059687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13882954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13882954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13882954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13882954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13882954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13882954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8454586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8454586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8454586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8454586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8454586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8454586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13883006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13883006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13883006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13883006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13883006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13883006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162588.192308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162588.192308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162588.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162588.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162588.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162588.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6523773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6523773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6523773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6523773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6523773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6523773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 167276.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167276.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 167276.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167276.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 167276.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167276.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                81989                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              194771233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                82245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2368.183269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.379954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.620046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9630429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9630429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7980281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7980281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        22239                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22239                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18618                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18618                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17610710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17610710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17610710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17610710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       208553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       208553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          927                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          927                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       209480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       209480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       209480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       209480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25966184223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25966184223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     80097657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80097657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26046281880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26046281880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26046281880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26046281880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9838982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9838982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7981208                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7981208                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        22239                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22239                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18618                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18618                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17820190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17820190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17820190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17820190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 124506.404717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124506.404717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86405.239482                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86405.239482                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 124337.797785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124337.797785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 124337.797785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124337.797785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            9789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       126717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       127491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       127491                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127491                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        81836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        81989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        81989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9227530216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9227530216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10284773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10284773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9237814989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9237814989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9237814989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9237814989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 112756.369031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112756.369031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67220.738562                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67220.738562                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 112671.394809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112671.394809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 112671.394809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112671.394809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              528.041180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1093073442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2066301.402647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    38.041180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.060963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13886965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13886965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13886965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13886965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13886965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13886965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9083757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9083757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9083757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9083757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9083757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9083757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13887015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13887015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13887015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13887015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13887015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13887015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 181675.140000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181675.140000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 181675.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181675.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 181675.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181675.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7220536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7220536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7220536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7220536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7220536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7220536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 185141.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185141.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 185141.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185141.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 185141.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185141.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                82060                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              194770726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                82316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              2366.134482                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   234.379612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    21.620388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.915545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.084455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9630865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9630865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7979213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7979213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        22365                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22365                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18617                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18617                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17610078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       17610078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17610078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      17610078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       208487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       208487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          926                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          926                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       209413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       209413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       209413                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       209413                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25876991357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25876991357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     84811165                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     84811165                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25961802522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25961802522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25961802522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25961802522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9839352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9839352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7980139                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7980139                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        22365                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22365                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18617                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18617                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17819491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17819491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17819491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17819491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124118.009070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124118.009070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91588.731102                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91588.731102                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123974.168375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123974.168375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123974.168375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123974.168375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10053                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           10053                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       126579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       127353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       127353                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127353                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        81908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        82060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        82060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9204143009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9204143009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10848976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10848976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9214991985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9214991985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9214991985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9214991985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 112371.722042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112371.722042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 71374.842105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71374.842105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 112295.783390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112295.783390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 112295.783390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112295.783390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              517.935622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1087083007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2094572.267823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    42.935622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.068807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13947470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13947470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13947470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       13947470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13947470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      13947470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8994580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8994580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8994580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8994580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8994580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8994580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13947522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13947522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13947522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     13947522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13947522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     13947522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 172972.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172972.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 172972.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172972.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 172972.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172972.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7616153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7616153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7616153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7616153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7616153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7616153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173094.386364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173094.386364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173094.386364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173094.386364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173094.386364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173094.386364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                46727                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              179931345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                46983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3829.711704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.497973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.502027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      9610714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9610714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8089648                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8089648                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20637                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20637                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19477                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19477                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17700362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       17700362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17700362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      17700362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       149471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       150500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       150500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       150500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       150500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  18676494224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18676494224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     88736187                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     88736187                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  18765230411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18765230411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  18765230411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18765230411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      9760185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9760185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8090677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8090677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        20637                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20637                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19477                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19477                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17850862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17850862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17850862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17850862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124950.620682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124950.620682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86235.361516                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86235.361516                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124685.916352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124685.916352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124685.916352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124685.916352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            9860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       102918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       102918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       103773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       103773                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103773                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        46553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        46727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        46727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4905189713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4905189713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11539332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11539332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4916729045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4916729045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4916729045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4916729045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105367.854123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105367.854123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        66318                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66318                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105222.441950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105222.441950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105222.441950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105222.441950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              526.791540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1093074984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2070217.772727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    36.791540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.058961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13888507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13888507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13888507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13888507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13888507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13888507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8656827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8656827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8656827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8656827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8656827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8656827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13888558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13888558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13888558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13888558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13888558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13888558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169741.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169741.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169741.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169741.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169741.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169741.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6611934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6611934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6611934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6611934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6611934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6611934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173998.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173998.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173998.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173998.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173998.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173998.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                82097                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              194778891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                82353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2365.170558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.381050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.618950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.915551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.084449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9634502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9634502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7983699                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7983699                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22397                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22397                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18627                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18627                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17618201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       17618201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17618201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      17618201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       208732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       208732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       209656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       209656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       209656                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       209656                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25861887402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25861887402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     80407575                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80407575                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25942294977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25942294977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25942294977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25942294977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9843234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9843234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7984623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7984623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        22397                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22397                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18627                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18627                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17827857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17827857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17827857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17827857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123899.964557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123899.964557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 87021.185065                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87021.185065                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123737.431683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123737.431683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123737.431683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123737.431683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10206                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           10206                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       126787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       127559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       127559                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127559                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        81945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9174057893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9174057893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10313230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10313230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9184371123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9184371123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9184371123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9184371123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111953.845787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111953.845787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 67850.197368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67850.197368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111872.189276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111872.189276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111872.189276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111872.189276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              559.697560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1013971454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1801015.015986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    34.556618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.140942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.055379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13939185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13939185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13939185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13939185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13939185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13939185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7207353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7207353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7207353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7207353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7207353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7207353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13939231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13939231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13939231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13939231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13939231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13939231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156681.586957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156681.586957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156681.586957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156681.586957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156681.586957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156681.586957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6083433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6083433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6083433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6083433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6083433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6083433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168984.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168984.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168984.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168984.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168984.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168984.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                62422                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              243194581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                62678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3880.062877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   200.295828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    55.704172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.782406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.217594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20485205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20485205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3946786                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946786                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9320                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9320                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     24431991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       24431991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     24431991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      24431991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       215730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          429                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          429                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       216159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       216159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       216159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       216159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  24816407781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24816407781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     42189647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     42189647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  24858597428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24858597428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  24858597428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24858597428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20700935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20700935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3947215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9320                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9320                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     24648150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24648150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     24648150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24648150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000109                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115034.569976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115034.569976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98344.165501                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98344.165501                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115001.445362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115001.445362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115001.445362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115001.445362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7378                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            7378                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       153393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       153737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       153737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       153737                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       153737                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6587097256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6587097256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6310213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6310213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6593407469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6593407469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6593407469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6593407469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105669.141216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105669.141216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 74237.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74237.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105626.341178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105626.341178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105626.341178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105626.341178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              519.977207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1088404375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2085065.852490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    37.977207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.060861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13736548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13736548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13736548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13736548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13736548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13736548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8393677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8393677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8393677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8393677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8393677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8393677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13736598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13736598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13736598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13736598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13736598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13736598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167873.540000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167873.540000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167873.540000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167873.540000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167873.540000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167873.540000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6924831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6924831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6924831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6924831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6924831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6924831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173120.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173120.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173120.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173120.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173120.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173120.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                63257                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              186281959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                63513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              2932.973706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   234.253578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    21.746422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.915053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.084947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9690763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9690763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8199121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8199121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19948                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19948                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18869                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18869                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17889884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       17889884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17889884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      17889884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       216109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3927                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3927                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       220036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       220036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       220036                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       220036                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  28443797141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28443797141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    509376977                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    509376977                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  28953174118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  28953174118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  28953174118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  28953174118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      9906872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9906872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8203048                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8203048                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        19948                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19948                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        18869                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18869                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18109920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18109920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18109920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18109920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000479                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000479                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 131617.827767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131617.827767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 129711.478737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129711.478737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 131583.805005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131583.805005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 131583.805005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131583.805005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           21751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       153028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       156779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       156779                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156779                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        63081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        63257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        63257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6726076440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6726076440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12412060                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12412060                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6738488500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6738488500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6738488500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6738488500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106626.027488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106626.027488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 70523.068182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70523.068182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106525.578197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106525.578197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106525.578197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106525.578197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              560.051429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1013969655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1801011.820604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.945822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.105607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.056003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13937386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13937386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13937386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       13937386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13937386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      13937386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7674488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7674488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7674488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7674488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7674488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7674488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13937431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13937431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13937431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     13937431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13937431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     13937431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170544.177778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170544.177778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170544.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170544.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170544.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170544.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6293541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6293541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6293541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6293541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6293541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6293541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174820.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174820.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174820.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174820.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174820.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174820.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                62390                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              243201187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                62646                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3882.150289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   200.515358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    55.484642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.783263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.216737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     20491788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20491788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3946819                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946819                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9311                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9311                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     24438607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       24438607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     24438607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      24438607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       215336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          396                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       215732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       215732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       215732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       215732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24787673435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24787673435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     35837138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35837138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24823510573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24823510573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24823510573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24823510573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     20707124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20707124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3947215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         9311                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9311                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     24654339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24654339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     24654339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24654339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115111.608997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115111.608997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 90497.823232                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90497.823232                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115066.427665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115066.427665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115066.427665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115066.427665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7234                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            7234                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       153028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       153342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       153342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       153342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       153342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6589127742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6589127742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5691811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5691811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6594819553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6594819553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6594819553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6594819553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105750.910670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105750.910670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 69412.329268                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69412.329268                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105703.150393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105703.150393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105703.150393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105703.150393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              496.459169                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1090185274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2180370.548000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    41.459169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.066441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     14061260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14061260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     14061260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       14061260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     14061260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      14061260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9688485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9688485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9688485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9688485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9688485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9688485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     14061320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14061320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     14061320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     14061320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     14061320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     14061320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161474.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161474.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161474.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161474.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161474.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161474.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7583203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7583203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7583203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7583203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7583203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7583203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168515.622222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168515.622222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168515.622222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168515.622222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168515.622222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168515.622222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                41593                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              177955350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                41849                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4252.320247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.462788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.537212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.911964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.088036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     11227525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11227525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8334270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8334270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        21997                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21997                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20241                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20241                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     19561795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       19561795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     19561795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      19561795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       106765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2585                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2585                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       109350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       109350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       109350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       109350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11666014290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11666014290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    187394344                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    187394344                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11853408634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11853408634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11853408634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11853408634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     11334290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11334290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8336855                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8336855                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        21997                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21997                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        20241                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20241                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     19671145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19671145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     19671145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19671145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000310                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109268.152391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109268.152391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 72492.976402                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72492.976402                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108398.798665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108398.798665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108398.798665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108398.798665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       152542                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 25423.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8992                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8992                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        65432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        67757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        67757                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67757                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        41333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        41593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        41593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4170894958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4170894958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21838668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21838668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4192733626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4192733626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4192733626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4192733626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100909.562771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100909.562771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 83994.876923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83994.876923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100803.828192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100803.828192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100803.828192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100803.828192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              527.989047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1093065919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2066287.181474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    37.989047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.060880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13879442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13879442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13879442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       13879442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13879442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      13879442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8412716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8412716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8412716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8412716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8412716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8412716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13879493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13879493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13879493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     13879493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13879493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     13879493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164955.215686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164955.215686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164955.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164955.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164955.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164955.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6571804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6571804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6571804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6571804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6571804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6571804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168507.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168507.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168507.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168507.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168507.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168507.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                81994                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              194763937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                82250                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2367.950602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.379355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.620645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.915544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.084456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      9625296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9625296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7978002                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7978002                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        22358                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22358                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18615                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18615                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17603298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       17603298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17603298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      17603298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       208885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       208885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          932                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          932                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       209817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       209817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       209817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       209817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  26104255533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26104255533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     81962090                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81962090                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  26186217623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26186217623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  26186217623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26186217623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      9834181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9834181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7978934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7978934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        22358                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22358                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18615                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18615                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17813115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17813115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17813115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17813115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124969.507303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124969.507303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87942.156652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87942.156652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124805.033067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124805.033067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124805.033067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124805.033067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10332                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           10332                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       127043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          779                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          779                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       127822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       127822                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127822                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        81842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        81995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        81995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9258327186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9258327186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10534206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10534206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9268861392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9268861392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9268861392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9268861392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113124.400503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113124.400503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 68851.019608                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68851.019608                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113041.787816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113041.787816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113041.787816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113041.787816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              559.594465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1013971269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1801014.687389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    34.419649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.174816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.055160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13939000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13939000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13939000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13939000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13939000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13939000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7190612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7190612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7190612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7190612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7190612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7190612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13939044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13939044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13939044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13939044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13939044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13939044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       163423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       163423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       163423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       163423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       163423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       163423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6034656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6034656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6034656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6034656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6034656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6034656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167629.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167629.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167629.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167629.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167629.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167629.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                62395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              243196338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                62651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3881.763068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   199.822110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    56.177890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.780555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.219445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     20487261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20487261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3946488                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946488                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     24433749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       24433749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     24433749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      24433749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       215450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          402                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          402                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       215852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       215852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       215852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       215852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24793023868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24793023868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     38112202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38112202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24831136070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24831136070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24831136070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24831136070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     20702711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20702711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3946890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3946890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         9317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     24649601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24649601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     24649601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24649601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 115075.534314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115075.534314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94806.472637                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94806.472637                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 115037.785473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115037.785473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 115037.785473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115037.785473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       153138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       153457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       153457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       153457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       153457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        62312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        62395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        62395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6590696815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6590696815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5933758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5933758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6596630573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6596630573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6596630573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6596630573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105769.303104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105769.303104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 71491.060241                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71491.060241                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105723.704992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105723.704992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105723.704992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105723.704992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
