
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.117605                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                117604696884                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               644706759792                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 294857                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   372647                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1971134                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67750764                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59663.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17592176857                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22233407327                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2500352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2487936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1158784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1622144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      4669056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1158784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2438912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1623168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1158528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2438400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1623552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4663936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4662784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2507520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2511872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1159552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             38461568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12862208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          12862208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        19534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        19437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         9053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        12673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        36477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         9053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        19054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        12681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         9051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        19050                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        12684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        36437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        36428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        19590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        19624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         9059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                300481                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          100486                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               100486                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        40271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21260647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        38094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21155073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        37005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data      9853212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13793191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39701271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        37005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      9853212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     20738219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13801898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        37005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      9851035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        38094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     20733866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13805163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39657736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     39647940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        40271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     21321597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21358603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        37005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      9859742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               327041088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        40271                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        38094                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        37005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42447                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        37005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47889                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        37005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        38094                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42447                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42447                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        40271                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40271                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        37005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             648682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         109368149                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              109368149                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         109368149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        40271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21260647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        38094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21155073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        37005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data      9853212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        45712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13793191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        42447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39701271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        37005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      9853212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        37005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     20738219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        47889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13801898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        37005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      9851035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        38094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     20733866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        45712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13805163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        42447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39657736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        42447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     39647940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        40271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     21321597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        40271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21358603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        37005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      9859742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              436409237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20694543                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16968176                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2022380                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8582286                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8086778                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2123733                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91202                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197500257                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117653841                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20694543                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10210511                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25873193                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5750160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     18492172                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12168137                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2011716                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    245557788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      219684595     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        2802346      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        3232968      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        1782022      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2068012      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1128528      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         771114      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        2009214      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12078989      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    245557788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073378                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.417174                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      195902659                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     20119738                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25668648                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles       193447                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3673290                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3361791                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        18876                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143623182                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        93650                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3673290                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      196205330                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       6563213                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles     12697826                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        25567705                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       850418                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143537760                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       222687                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       393122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199443206                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668317779                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668317779                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170291692                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29151474                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37553                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20938                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2277517                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13702302                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7466014                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197143                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1662578                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143303568                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37614                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135417237                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       190321                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17939166                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41469614                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4164                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245557788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188504973     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22941494      9.34%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12326047      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8537580      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7465837      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3826541      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       916152      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595368      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443796      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245557788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35276     12.12%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124805     42.87%     54.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131071     45.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113345879     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2119134      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16584      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12522905      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7412735      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135417237                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.480159                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            291152                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    516873731                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161281626                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133177299                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135708389                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       341935                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2418619                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          835                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1282                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       165342                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8293                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4236                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3673290                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       6071611                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       148736                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143341299                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        73343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13702302                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7466014                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20910                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104244                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1282                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1170980                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1136442                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2307422                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133431821                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11760893                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1985412                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19172015                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18667634                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7411122                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.473119                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133179141                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133177299                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        79150586                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       207321779                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.472217                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381777                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122687896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20654549                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2034096                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241884498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191764110     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23241342      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9740644      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5856637      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4050852      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2616615      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1356675      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1092162      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2165461      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241884498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122687896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18584355                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11283683                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17558823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110607967                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2496073                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2165461                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          383060806                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290358261                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3024088                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              36467865                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122687896                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.820256                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.820256                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.354578                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.354578                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      601883583                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184820945                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134039718                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33420                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20688905                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16966419                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024868                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8545003                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8081704                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2120740                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91103                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197424531                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            117617365                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20688905                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10202444                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            25867766                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5759716                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     18840253                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12166541                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2014181                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    245831706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      219963940     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        2803092      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        3235959      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        1780200      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2065578      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1127873      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         768564      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        2004995      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       12081505      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    245831706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.073358                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.417045                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      195829136                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     20466085                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        25662967                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles       193227                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3680285                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3358160                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        18872                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    143584768                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        93975                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3680285                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      196132096                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       6291358                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles     13315590                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        25561659                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       850712                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    143497302                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       223100                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       392638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           46                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    199390485                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    668128841                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    668128841                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    170154259                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       29236226                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        37596                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20989                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2282564                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     13701846                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7459818                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196197                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1659599                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        143256848                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37686                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       135333719                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       190156                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17994405                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41656940                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4265                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245831706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188812490     76.81%     76.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22926269      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12317431      5.01%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8538671      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7462521      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3821662      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       914143      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       594829      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443690      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245831706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35060     11.98%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       126429     43.20%     55.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131194     44.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113280860     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2117898      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16571      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12510679      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7407711      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    135333719                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.479863                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            292683                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002163                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    516981983                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161290214                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133090800                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    135626402                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       340492                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2427246                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          873                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1280                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       165009                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8285                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4229                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3680285                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       5825215                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       147675                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143294654                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        73782                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13701846                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7459818                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20991                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103077                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1280                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171949                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1139661                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2311610                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133344798                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11747979                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1988921                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           19154084                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18654965                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7406105                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.472811                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            133092770                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           133090800                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        79101666                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       207217784                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.471910                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381732                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99919339                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    122588994                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20707019                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33421                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2036679                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    242151421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192072510     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23224355      9.59%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9732170      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5847225      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4049798      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2611749      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1358167      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1091891      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2163556      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    242151421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     99919339                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    122588994                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             18569409                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11274600                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             16674                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17544671                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       110518829                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2494078                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2163556                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          383283202                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         290272384                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3026113                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              36193947                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          99919339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           122588994                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     99919339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.822533                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.822533                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.354292                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.354292                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      601467454                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     184712651                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     133988041                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        33390                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       24469188                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20373425                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2224364                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9496514                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8964531                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2635377                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103529                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213014809                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            134232527                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          24469188                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     11599908                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            27988806                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6182027                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     19159925                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           78                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        13225722                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2126445                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    264103386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      236114580     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1717430      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2172295      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3448875      1.31%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1439719      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1859020      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        2164690      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         988734      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       14198043      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    264103386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086762                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.475959                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      211767280                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     20529688                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        27856213                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        13221                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3936982                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3723773                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          576                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    164071960                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         3026                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3936982                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      211981111                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        682509                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     19250608                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        27655906                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       596263                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    163063249                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        86656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       415669                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    227778240                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    758332478                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    758332478                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    190748139                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       37030093                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        39874                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20959                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2095258                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     15259569                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7983923                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        90128                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1799731                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        159225353                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40016                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       152818636                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151574                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19220010                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39030991                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1862                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264103386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199348620     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29536057     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12076947      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6763839      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9169041      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2819782      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2778753      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1493200      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117147      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264103386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1053033     79.10%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       141955     10.66%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136215     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128744296     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2089621      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18915      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14006244      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7959560      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    152818636                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.541861                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1331203                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008711                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571223435                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178486094                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148847293                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    154149839                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       113875                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2862132                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          718                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106194                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3936982                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        519545                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        65405                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159265378                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       123929                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15259569                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7983923                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20959                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57152                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           70                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          718                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1319576                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1244955                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2564531                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150161537                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13777637                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2657099                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           21736561                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       21238589                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7958924                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.532439                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            148847695                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           148847293                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        89184337                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       239573214                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.527779                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372263                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110972801                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    136743982                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22522087                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2243371                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260166404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344401                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202294172     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29326762     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10646787      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5305621      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4855996      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2040449      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2015846      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       960690      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2720081      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260166404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    110972801                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    136743982                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             20275158                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            12397433                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             19034                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         19821025                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       123113713                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2823674                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2720081                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          416711625                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         322469156                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3228948                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              17922267                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         110972801                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           136743982                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    110972801                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.541394                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.541394                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.393485                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.393485                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      675679481                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     208001115                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     151756518                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        38122                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              282024398                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       21810277                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17846053                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2128992                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8963343                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8579891                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2253176                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97149                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209967908                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            122000600                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          21810277                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10833067                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            25463643                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5819359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     11363226                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12845477                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2130669                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    250457442                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      224993799     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1190496      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1887818      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2552552      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2626061      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2220231      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1240411      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1844141      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11901933      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    250457442                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077335                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.432589                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      207807374                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     13542216                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        25416386                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        29179                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3662285                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3589923                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    149680623                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1963                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3662285                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      208379422                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1878061                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     10342813                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24879994                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1314865                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    149624287                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       195788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       563877                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    208793142                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    696085397                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    696085397                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    181003839                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       27789223                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        37071                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19277                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3903267                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13994828                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7589662                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89552                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1772582                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        149436332                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37198                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       141906074                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19660                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16525861                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39586997                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1313                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250457442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190434326     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24662331      9.85%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12493974      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9452034      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7420359      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2992574      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1888518      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       982329      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       130997      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250457442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27267     11.59%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86336     36.71%     48.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121575     51.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119346709     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2120787      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17791      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12854692      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7566095      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    141906074                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.503169                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235178                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534524428                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165999973                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139777265                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    142141252                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       290910                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2235951                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          106                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          585                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       109060                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3662285                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1557119                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129037                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149473683                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59796                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13994828                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7589662                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19279                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       108910                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          585                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1238660                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1197180                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2435840                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139948002                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12096645                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1958072                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 153                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           19662449                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19887230                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7565804                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.496227                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            139777506                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           139777265                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        80236982                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       216204532                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.495621                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371116                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105513832                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    129833873                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19639751                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35885                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2155920                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246795157                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193549962     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26382523     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9976092      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4756531      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3992284      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2298719      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2019020      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       907486      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2912540      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246795157                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    105513832                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    129833873                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             19239458                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11758865                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17902                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18722381                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       116978708                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2673593                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2912540                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          393355513                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         302609668                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3181469                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              31566956                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         105513832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           129833873                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    105513832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.672867                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.672867                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.374130                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.374130                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      629872248                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     194707556                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     138774832                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        35854                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19024596                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17167306                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1003496                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8351625                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6825831                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1050475                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44473                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202139601                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            119544352                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19024596                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      7876306                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            23659929                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       3146996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     27823669                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11600615                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1008034                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    255741416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      232081487     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         845719      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1727843      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         740147      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        3933171      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3505922      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         688309      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1412684      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10806134      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    255741416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.067457                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.423878                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      200046371                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     29929129                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        23573687                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        74508                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      2117716                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1668934                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          502                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    140187133                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2820                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      2117716                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      200312292                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles      27751613                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1263729                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23412931                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       883128                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    140109346                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       450389                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       289685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents        12981                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    164485335                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    659860110                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    659860110                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    145901359                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       18583976                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        16282                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8230                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2041240                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     33072723                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     16729379                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152583                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       809178                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        139839234                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16332                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       134476901                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        79988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10759793                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25685708                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          107                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    255741416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207411184     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14788313      5.78%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11940334      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5152527      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6430245      2.51%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6101839      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3469370      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       276888      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       170716      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    255741416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        337942     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2584222     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75614      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84361911     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1171987      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8049      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32251573     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16683381     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    134476901                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.476825                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2997778                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022292                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527772984                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150618812                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133323139                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    137474679                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241442                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1292420                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          553                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3463                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       112432                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11857                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          109                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      2117716                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles      27063281                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       261209                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139855658                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33072723                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16729379                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8232                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       161529                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          158                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3463                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       591569                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       585158                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1176727                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133537396                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32142526                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       939505                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           48823913                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17497073                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         16681387                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.473494                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            133326581                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           133323139                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        72018657                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       142137770                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.472734                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506682                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108294280                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    127263663                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12606708                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16225                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1025689                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253623700                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207285974     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17055390      6.72%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7949048      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7807791      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2159523      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8941144      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       679473      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       496702      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1248655      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253623700                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    108294280                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    127263663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             48397250                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            31780303                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              8100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16805844                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       113168024                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1232715                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1248655                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          392245091                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         281858662                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4346721                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              26284237                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         108294280                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           127263663                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    108294280                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.604253                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.604253                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.383987                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.383987                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      660175285                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     154830223                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     166927614                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        16200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       24484233                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20385954                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2223937                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9372544                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8964223                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2634342                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103368                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213053372                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            134309117                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          24484233                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     11598565                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            27996735                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       6184801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     19115253                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           78                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        13228531                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2126025                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    264108402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      236111667     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1716754      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2170194      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3445794      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1441448      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1857578      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        2165740      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         990580      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       14208647      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    264108402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086816                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.476230                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      211803758                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     20487641                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        27863560                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        13356                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3940085                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3726355                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          631                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    164158919                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         3124                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3940085                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      212018313                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        683524                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     19205161                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        27662429                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       598883                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    163148866                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        86558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       417474                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    227884707                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    758702436                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    758702436                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    190807613                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       37077094                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        39640                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20719                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2104285                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     15263140                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7990676                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        90333                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1806381                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        159303452                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39783                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       152881987                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       152067                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19235118                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39069058                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1617                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264108402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199326006     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29548156     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12081493      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6770127      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9170076      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2823723      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2777854      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1493315      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117652      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264108402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1053548     79.09%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       142246     10.68%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136289     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128799493     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2090535      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18921      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14006185      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7966853      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    152881987                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.542085                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1332083                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008713                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571356526                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178579067                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148910021                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    154214070                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       114349                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2861852                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          717                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       110512                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3940085                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        519401                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        66040                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159343244                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       124631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15263140                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7990676                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20719                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57904                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           72                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          717                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1318542                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1248428                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2566970                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150222608                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13780169                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2659379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           21746246                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       21246634                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7966077                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.532656                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            148910487                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           148910021                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        89218564                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       239656288                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.528002                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372277                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111007393                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    136786576                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22557383                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38166                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2242939                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260168317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202277489     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29336912     11.28%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10650281      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5309217      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4855554      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2039187      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2016542      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       961032      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2722103      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260168317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    111007393                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    136786576                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             20281452                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            12401288                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             19040                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         19827186                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       123152073                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2824551                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2722103                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          416789406                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         322628024                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3227975                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              17917251                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         111007393                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           136786576                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    111007393                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.540602                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.540602                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393607                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393607                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      675951074                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     208080344                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     151843630                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        38134                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              282025652                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19350558                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17271827                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1542266                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12917333                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12625248                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1163223                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46975                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204415977                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            109865142                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19350558                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     13788471                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24493780                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5050516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      8270940                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12368332                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1513910                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    240680261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      216186481     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3732492      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1882026      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3689151      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1186758      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3421617      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         540128      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         875625      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        9165983      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    240680261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068613                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.389557                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      202493458                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     10240257                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24445360                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        19730                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3481455                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1834406                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        18109                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    122923443                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        34303                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3481455                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      202712353                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       6605291                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2939216                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24227804                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       714136                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    122743934                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        96284                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       544958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    160885292                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    556295978                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    556295978                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    130555743                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       30329547                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        16503                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8349                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1649540                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     22111814                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      3599028                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24324                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       817501                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        122104694                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16560                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       114374624                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74222                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21964750                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44931838                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          118                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    240680261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190532158     79.16%     79.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15778677      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16816897      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9714435      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5021315      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1259140      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1494241      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34742      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28656      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    240680261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191908     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78890     23.52%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64646     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89708470     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898226      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8154      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20191010     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3568764      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    114374624                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.405547                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335444                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002933                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    469839175                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144086306                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111479719                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    114710068                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        91643                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4490122                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          118                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          307                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3481455                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       5800257                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85462                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122121338                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6750                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22111814                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3599028                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8347                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41080                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2314                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          307                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1042365                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592254                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1634619                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112922917                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19900025                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1451707                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           23468632                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17167808                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          3568607                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.400399                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            111505235                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           111479719                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        67453053                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       147017267                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.395282                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.458810                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88809883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    100003221                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22123049                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16442                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1532598                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237198806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199960167     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14637480      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9396332      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2958257      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4906679      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       958639      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607917      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555787      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3217548      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237198806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     88809883                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    100003221                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             21138555                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            17621691                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8204                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15341992                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        87399063                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1251891                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3217548                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          356107203                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         247736728                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4561161                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              41345391                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          88809883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           100003221                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     88809883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.175611                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.175611                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.314900                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.314900                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      524859041                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     145278064                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     130519592                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16426                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       21820788                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17854972                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2128878                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8966858                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8583521                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2255511                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210036369                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            122068433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          21820788                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10839032                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            25476624                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5822415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     11407780                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12849559                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2130724                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    250586596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      225109972     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1190857      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1888620      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2552229      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2627391      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        2221090      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1243403      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1846143      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11906891      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    250586596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077372                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.432827                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      207870242                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     13592439                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        25429376                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        29092                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3665445                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3591300                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    149762150                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1983                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3665445                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      208443729                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1914179                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     10353992                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24891446                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1317803                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    149705478                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       195652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       565454                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    208906189                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    696473273                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    696473273                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    181084408                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       27821768                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        37126                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19322                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         3911236                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     14000614                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7594089                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89083                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1740235                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        149516994                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37254                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       141970926                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19615                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16553910                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39663290                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1354                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250586596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190565080     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24644766      9.83%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12484918      4.98%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9461040      3.78%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7429987      2.97%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2997070      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1889238      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       983498      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       130999      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250586596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27032     11.49%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86374     36.71%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121882     51.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119399327     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2122169      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17799      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12861335      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7570296      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    141970926                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.503397                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235288                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534783351                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    166108742                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139843615                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    142206214                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       288935                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2236537                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           89                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          586                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       110172                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3665445                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1593058                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129275                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149554394                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59593                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14000614                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7594089                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19327                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109239                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          586                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1238005                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1197157                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2435162                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140014500                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12102762                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1956426                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           19672773                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19894674                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7570011                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.496460                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            139843852                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           139843615                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        80273492                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       216305374                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.495854                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371112                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105560763                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    129891599                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19662810                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35900                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2155819                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246921151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193672713     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26372536     10.68%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9982833      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4760004      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3982524      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2300461      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2025783      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       908090      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2916207      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246921151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    105560763                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    129891599                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             19247992                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11764075                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17910                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18730679                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       117030720                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2674774                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2916207                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          393558625                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         302774335                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3181905                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              31439057                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         105560763                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           129891599                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    105560763                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.671690                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.671690                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.374295                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.374295                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      630183252                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     194798190                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     138851602                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        35868                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       24474826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20378958                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2223944                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9386761                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8963154                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2633608                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103321                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213014225                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            134251735                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          24474826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     11596762                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            27987647                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6182610                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     19176816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4738                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        13226001                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2126200                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    264122007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      236134360     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1717320      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2172441      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3445079      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1439540      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1857530      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        2164848      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         988527      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       14202362      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    264122007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086782                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.476027                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      211767538                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     20548481                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        27854839                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        13253                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3937894                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3724049                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          634                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    164085468                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         3130                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3937894                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      211981695                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        682690                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     19267605                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        27654127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       597989                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    163078262                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        86083                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       417104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    227797842                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    758381738                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    758381738                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    190761673                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       37036119                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        39613                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20697                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2101064                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     15253470                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7986808                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89738                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1803819                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        159237717                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39757                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       152834015                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       150683                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19210947                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38986985                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1602                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264122007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302712                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199359635     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29539846     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12078255      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6766168      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9169082      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2820458      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2776903      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1494161      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117499      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264122007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1052898     79.12%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       141659     10.64%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136235     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128760681     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2089786      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18916      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14001904      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7962728      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    152834015                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.541915                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1330792                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008707                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571271512                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178489135                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148862465                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    154164807                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       113412                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2855110                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          717                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       108511                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3937894                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        519234                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        66078                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159277483                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       123888                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15253470                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7986808                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20697                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57745                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          717                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1318311                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1247981                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2566292                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150174771                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13775982                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2659244                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           21738058                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       21240203                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7962076                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.532486                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            148862888                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           148862465                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        89192592                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       239572906                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527833                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372298                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110980677                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    136753788                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22524298                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2242934                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260184113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202307001     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29330333     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10647479      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5307649      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4853823      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2040080      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2015482      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       961162      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2721104      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260184113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    110980677                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    136753788                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             20276632                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            12398347                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             19034                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         19822469                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       123122558                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2823894                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2721104                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          416740328                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         322494152                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3227662                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              17903646                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         110980677                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           136753788                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    110980677                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.541214                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.541214                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393513                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393513                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      675739109                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     208023207                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     151778987                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        38122                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19337109                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17259581                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1541125                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12900760                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12614241                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1162187                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46758                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204228284                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            109778915                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19337109                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     13776428                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24474368                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5047450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      8259614                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12357475                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1512805                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    240459918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      215985550     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        3729922      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1880267      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3685469      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1186943      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3417844      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         539849      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         875239      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        9158835      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    240459918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068565                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.389252                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      202305716                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     10228924                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24426160                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        19569                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3479548                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1833841                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        18104                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    122826517                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        34214                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3479548                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      202524813                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       6574053                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      2960520                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24208836                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       712142                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    122648231                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        95541                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       543875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    160765380                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    555860683                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    555860683                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    130443535                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       30321825                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        16505                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8357                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1643107                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     22091831                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      3596320                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23610                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       817982                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        122008274                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16560                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       114279430                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74689                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21956021                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44919899                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          130                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    240459918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190356355     79.16%     79.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15764500      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16800134      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9705668      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5017953      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1258231      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1493585      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34755      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28737      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    240459918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192008     57.25%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78805     23.50%     80.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64592     19.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89637154     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897475      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8148      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20170768     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3565885      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    114279430                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.405209                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335405                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002935                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    469428872                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143981152                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111386228                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    114614835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        91635                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4487213                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          303                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81975                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3479548                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       5768604                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85445                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122024923                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6497                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22091831                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3596320                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8353                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41028                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2310                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          303                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1041284                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592477                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1633761                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112828414                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19880351                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1451016                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           23446070                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17153310                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          3565719                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.400064                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            111411209                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           111386228                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        67395215                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       146899112                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.394951                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.458786                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88730833                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     99916050                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22113804                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16430                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1531461                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    236980370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199774856     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14625072      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9387388      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2954197      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4903344      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       958063      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607364      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       554952      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3215134      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    236980370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     88730833                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     99916050                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             21118958                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            17604613                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15328479                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        87323447                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1250995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3215134                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          355794765                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         247541968                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4556830                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              41565735                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          88730833                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            99916050                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     88730833                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.178440                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.178440                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.314620                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.314620                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      524410390                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     145161115                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     130412824                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        16414                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       21824053                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17856853                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2132091                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9013639                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8585968                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2255288                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97239                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210164252                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            122048597                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          21824053                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10841256                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            25475739                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5822918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     11298366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12857333                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2133591                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    250601458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      225125719     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1192188      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1887940      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2551713      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2627839      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2221884      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1242289      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1847251      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11904635      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    250601458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077383                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.432757                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      208000066                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     13481110                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        25428516                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        29037                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3662727                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3592531                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    149748871                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1955                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3662727                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      208572763                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1859996                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles     10298950                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24891489                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1315531                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    149691370                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       195426                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       564436                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    208883768                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    696387163                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    696387163                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    181139420                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       27744348                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        37228                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19422                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3906211                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     14006931                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7594110                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        88854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1737796                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        149504939                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       141997472                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19733                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16494796                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39469229                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1450                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250601458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190562612     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24653289      9.84%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12494128      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9462335      3.78%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7427883      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2996141      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1890356      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       983163      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131551      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250601458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27172     11.53%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86432     36.67%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122126     51.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119425903     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2119651      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17805      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12864401      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7569712      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    141997472                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.503491                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235730                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534851865                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    166037676                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139865321                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    142233202                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       288454                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2239269                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          583                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       107898                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3662727                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1539383                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129385                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149542452                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58764                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14006931                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7594110                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19423                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109232                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          583                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1239556                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1198611                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2438167                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140036218                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12105654                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1961254                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           19675079                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19901414                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7569425                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.496537                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            139865587                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           139865321                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        80286974                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       216335583                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.495931                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371122                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105592878                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    129931100                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19611368                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2159045                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246938731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193675189     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26381466     10.68%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9984517      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4759025      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3985026      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2300605      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2027265      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       908298      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2917340      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246938731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    105592878                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    129931100                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             19253874                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11767662                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             17916                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         18736373                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       117066320                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2675589                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2917340                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          393563131                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         302747725                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3185245                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              31424195                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         105592878                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           129931100                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    105592878                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.670878                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.670878                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.374409                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.374409                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      630276202                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     194829720                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     138833273                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        35878                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19020419                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17165149                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       996402                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7079242                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6802358                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1044715                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43974                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201653580                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            119490580                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19020419                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      7847073                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23640461                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3153623                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     28501598                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11569397                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1000569                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    255928023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      232287562     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         841206      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1731065      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         738017      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        3923586      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3495831      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         674014      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1414180      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10822562      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    255928023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067442                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.423687                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      199560698                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     30607215                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23552906                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        75319                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2131880                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1667585                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          505                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    140147482                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2867                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2131880                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      199828676                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles      28478325                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1220769                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23392332                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       876034                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    140067376                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       447742                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       290692                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6522                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    164421209                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    659604595                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    659604595                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    145703201                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       18717990                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16238                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8198                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2043606                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     33043032                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     16709547                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151459                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       809788                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        139789805                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16287                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       134308170                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        85962                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10933201                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26324336                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           86                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    255928023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207702356     81.16%     81.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14718960      5.75%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11910320      4.65%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5152366      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6437313      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6095658      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3464020      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       276430      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       170600      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    255928023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        337616     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2582751     86.22%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75305      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84255937     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1172762      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8038      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32212378     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16659055     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    134308170                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.476227                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2995672                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022304                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527625992                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150742735                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133147136                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    137303842                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241258                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1306027                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          517                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3450                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       115251                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11841                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2131880                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles      27792570                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       262519                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139806177                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1332                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33043032                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16709547                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       162939                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          111                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3450                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       580478                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       590331                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1170809                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133369620                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32099539                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       938545                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           48756946                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17473122                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         16657407                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.472899                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            133150673                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           133147136                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        71928173                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       141994780                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472110                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506555                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108147151                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    127090816                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12731148                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16201                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1018228                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253796143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207530709     81.77%     81.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17027999      6.71%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7929482      3.12%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7798992      3.07%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2157538      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8925546      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       680999      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       496023      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1248855      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253796143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    108147151                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    127090816                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             48331286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            31736995                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8088                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         16783119                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       113014280                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1231064                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1248855                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          392368927                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         281776013                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4330282                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              26097630                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         108147151                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           127090816                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    108147151                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.607795                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.607795                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.383466                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.383466                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      659265518                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     154617765                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     166800417                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       19005590                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17149705                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       994458                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7158777                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6803581                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1048020                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44107                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201652634                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            119424325                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          19005590                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      7851601                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            23625597                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       3134899                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     28355034                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11567087                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       998712                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    255748847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      232123250     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         841245      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1726993      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         738045      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        3925735      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3496288      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         678155      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1413815      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10805321      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    255748847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.067390                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.423452                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      199537805                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     30482222                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        23538986                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        74743                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      2115086                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1668165                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          496                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    140036003                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2806                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      2115086                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      199805487                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles      28327640                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1242848                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23378140                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       879639                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    139959456                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          852                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       451293                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       290175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7593                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    164291373                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    659137340                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    659137340                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    145731543                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       18559756                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        16253                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8209                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2043058                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     33021773                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores     16707018                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151906                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       809050                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        139692327                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16302                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       134275278                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        80910                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10810764                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25965265                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           97                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    255748847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315459                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207514886     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14734705      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11918207      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5148928      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6431168      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6090719      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3463217      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       276330      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       170687      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    255748847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        337815     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2578411     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75343      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84227957     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1172616      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8040      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32205150     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16661515     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    134275278                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.476110                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2991569                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022279                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527371882                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150522854                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133126937                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    137266847                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240607                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1280121                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          521                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3470                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       110214                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11833                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      2115086                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles      27648538                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       266336                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139708721                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1302                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33021773                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16707018                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8212                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       165184                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          131                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3470                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       581027                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       585865                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1166892                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133342672                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32097359                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       932606                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           48757195                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17472598                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores         16659836                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.472803                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            133130486                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           133126937                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        71909408                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       141945781                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.472038                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.506598                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108166621                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    127114029                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12610179                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16205                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1016310                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253633761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207354341     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17033264      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7934369      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7803616      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2158767      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8925868      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       677887      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       495743      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1249906      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253633761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    108166621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    127114029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             48338448                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            31741644                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              8090                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16786253                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       113035027                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1231368                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      1249906                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          392107738                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         281563742                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4326913                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              26276806                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         108166621                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           127114029                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    108166621                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.607326                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.607326                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.383535                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.383535                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      659186956                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     154588937                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     166740856                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        16180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20733434                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17004298                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2025145                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8572875                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8101180                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2124741                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90727                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197714173                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            117833559                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20733434                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10225921                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            25913291                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5761294                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     18449524                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12180557                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2013534                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    245778176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586170                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      219864885     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        2805961      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        3241579      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        1784116      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2071729      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1128593      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         772201      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        2009630      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12099482      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    245778176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073516                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.417811                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      196118143                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     20076232                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        25705945                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       195596                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3682254                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3364145                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        18934                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    143834856                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        93886                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3682254                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      196423345                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       6829828                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     12380750                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        25605275                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       856718                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    143746972                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       227186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       393721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           48                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    199735636                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    669280700                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    669280700                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    170504572                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       29231021                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        37405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20769                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2291342                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13722739                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7473508                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197209                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1663135                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        143511234                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37489                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       135580201                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       191277                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17994334                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41671921                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4001                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245778176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188646132     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22981425      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12341824      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8547907      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7474489      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3828925      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       917460      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       596046      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443968      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245778176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35316     12.14%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124598     42.82%     54.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131041     45.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113485643     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2120667      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16605      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12536778      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7420508      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    135580201                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.480737                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            290955                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002146                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517420802                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161544319                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133339269                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    135871156                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       342502                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2424977                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          810                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1266                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       163736                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8301                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3697                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3682254                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       6336972                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       151499                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143548849                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        71923                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13722739                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7473508                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20761                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105617                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1266                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172664                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1138380                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2311044                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133594750                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11775254                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1985443                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 126                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           19193998                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18691179                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7418744                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.473697                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            133341295                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           133339269                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        79254351                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       207601718                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.472791                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381762                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100124921                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    122841260                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20708993                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33488                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2036700                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    242095921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191910471     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23273847      9.61%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9753119      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5862240      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4056789      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2618748      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1359119      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093859      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2167729      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    242095921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    100124921                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    122841260                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18607530                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11297758                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16708                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17580797                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       110746231                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2499208                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2167729                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          383477769                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         290782852                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3026525                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              36247477                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         100124921                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           122841260                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    100124921                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.816738                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.816738                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.355021                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.355021                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      602616826                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     185053450                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     134237447                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        33456                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20690566                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16964735                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023970                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8664828                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8101465                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2125650                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91319                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197653045                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            117503549                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20690566                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10227115                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            25863215                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5726197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     18643422                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12174169                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2012633                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    245826042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      219962827     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        2804896      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        3237016      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        1784141      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2067161      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1141230      0.46%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         769359      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        2000309      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12059103      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    245826042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073364                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.416641                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      196056570                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     20269903                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        25657875                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles       194268                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3647420                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3360960                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        18940                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    143467652                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        93868                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3647420                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      196359904                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       6672878                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles     12736680                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        25556904                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       852250                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    143379399                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       223850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       393361                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           77                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    199225202                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    667522008                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    667522008                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    170419181                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       28806015                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        37694                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21074                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2281547                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13703751                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7465990                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196988                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1659173                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143145608                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37760                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       135420627                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       191424                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17685878                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40633921                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4287                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245826042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550880                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188742633     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22966808      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12349485      5.02%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8532320      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7454432      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3824330      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       917133      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595495      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443406      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245826042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35426     12.21%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       123622     42.60%     54.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131133     45.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113351629     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2112399      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16596      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12527808      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7412195      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    135420627                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.480171                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            290181                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002143                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517148900                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160870518                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133175100                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    135710808                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       342273                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2411638                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          842                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1274                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       159870                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8296                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4455                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3647420                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       6170866                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       150393                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143183488                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        73350                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13703751                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7465990                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21040                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105299                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1274                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174604                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1134123                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2308727                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133429636                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11768525                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1990990                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19179070                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18677882                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7410545                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.473112                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            133177218                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           133175100                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        79150345                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       207267042                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.472209                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381876                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100074806                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    122779722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20405187                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33473                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2035660                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    242178622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192019384     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23258058      9.60%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9748438      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5864026      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4053182      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2619631      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1356222      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1092953      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2166728      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    242178622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100074806                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    122779722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18598233                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11292113                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16700                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17571963                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110690751                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2497945                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2166728                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          383196127                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         290017323                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3025108                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              36199611                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100074806                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           122779722                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100074806                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.818148                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.818148                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.354843                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.354843                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      601890939                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     184823331                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     133894844                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       24494162                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20393349                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2223699                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9375238                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8965333                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2635978                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103390                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213087110                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            134357682                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          24494162                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     11601311                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            28006896                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6185604                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     19097137                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13230312                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2125662                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    264139246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      236132350     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1717791      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2170322      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3448428      1.31%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1440535      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1857260      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        2165865      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         991705      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       14214990      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    264139246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086851                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.476402                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      211840811                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     20470338                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        27873661                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        13295                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3941139                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3728799                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          633                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    164220986                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         3138                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3941139                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      212055377                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        683356                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     19187591                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        27672637                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       599139                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    163210590                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        86525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       417890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    227971141                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    758985124                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    758985124                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    190862743                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       37108384                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        39638                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20712                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2105512                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     15270464                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7993903                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        90357                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1808522                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        159363043                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39783                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       152938666                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       152659                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19255136                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39108700                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1606                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264139246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303058                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199338356     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29550884     11.19%     86.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12088114      4.58%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6773299      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9171593      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2826043      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2779344      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1493898      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117715      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264139246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1053723     79.09%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       142352     10.68%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136285     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128844241     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2090791      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18926      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14014793      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7969915      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    152938666                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.542286                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1332360                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008712                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571501597                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178658678                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148962436                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    154271026                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       114261                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2865542                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           52                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          719                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       111440                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3941139                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        519521                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        65693                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159402835                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       124333                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15270464                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7993903                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20712                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57515                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          719                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1316875                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1249667                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2566542                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150278911                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13787401                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2659755                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           21756649                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       21254453                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7969248                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.532855                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            148962841                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           148962436                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        89249571                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       239739968                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528188                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372277                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111039489                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    136826238                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22577234                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38176                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2242681                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260198107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202291046     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29344697     11.28%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10652557      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5312145      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4856256      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2040327      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2017045      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       961209      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2722825      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260198107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    111039489                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    136826238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             20287382                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            12404920                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             19045                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         19832954                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       123187799                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2825389                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2722825                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          416877987                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         322748135                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3227878                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              17886407                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         111039489                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           136826238                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    111039489                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.539868                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.539868                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.393721                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.393721                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      676197557                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     208154000                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     151897793                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        38144                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        19584                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.537487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         231765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        21632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        10.713989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.875068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.591465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1656.150482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         356.920471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.808667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.174278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 36393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total               19911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  36549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36548                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 36549                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               19567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                19571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19534                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               19571                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     82090984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16727469281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16809560265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5041909                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5041909                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     82090984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16732511190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    16814602174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     82090984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16732511190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   16814602174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        55922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             55960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total           19911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              56120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             56120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2218675.243243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 856501.243267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 859077.030971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1260477.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1260477.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2218675.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 856583.965906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 859159.070768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2218675.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 856583.965906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 859159.070768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks              10584                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                   10584                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           19571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          19571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78841986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15012377058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15091219044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      4690420                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4690420                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78841986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15017067478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15095909464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78841986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15017067478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15095909464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2130864.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 768682.901075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771258.703123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1172605                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1172605                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2130864.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 768765.612675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771340.731899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2130864.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 768765.612675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771340.731899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        19485                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.535666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         231785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        21533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        10.764176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.896689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.454536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1656.324473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         356.859967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.808752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.174248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 36422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19902                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               19902                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  36578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36577                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 36578                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               19468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                19472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19437                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               19472                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78412378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16676534410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16754946788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      3843443                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3843443                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78412378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16680377853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    16758790231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78412378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16680377853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   16758790231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             55890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19902                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           19902                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        56014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              56050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        56014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             56050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2240353.657143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 858155.426851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860640.373331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 960860.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 960860.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2240353.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 858176.562896                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 860660.960918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2240353.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 858176.562896                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 860660.960918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks              10552                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                   10552                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           19472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          19472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     75338223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14969632860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15044971083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      3492243                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3492243                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     75338223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14973125103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15048463326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     75338223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14973125103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15048463326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2152520.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 770320.221273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772805.171718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 873060.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873060.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2152520.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 770341.364562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772825.766537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2152520.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 770341.364562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772825.766537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         9087                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.228235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         217939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        11135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        19.572429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.075833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     4.859341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1403.462897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         600.830164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.685285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.293374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        29730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 29732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9277                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                9277                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        29955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  29957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        29955                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 29957                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                9087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 9087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9053                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                9087                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100371258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7331788075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7432159333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100371258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7331788075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     7432159333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100371258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7331788075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    7432159333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        38783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             38819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9277                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            9277                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              39044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             39044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.233427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2952095.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 809873.862256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817889.218994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2952095.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 809873.862256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817889.218994                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2952095.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 809873.862256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817889.218994                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               4784                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    4784                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            9087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           9087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97386058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6536802269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6634188327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97386058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6536802269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6634188327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97386058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6536802269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6634188327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.233427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2864295.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 722059.236607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730074.648069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2864295.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 722059.236607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730074.648069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2864295.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 722059.236607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730074.648069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        12720                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.442246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         195592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        14768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        13.244312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.943147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     4.959388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1529.431985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         486.107726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.746793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.237357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        30316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 30318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9754                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                9754                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 166                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        30482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  30484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        30482                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 30484                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               12716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                12716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12674                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               12716                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83829720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10451186814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10535016534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83829720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10451186814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    10535016534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83829720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10451186814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   10535016534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        42990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             43034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9754                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            9754                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        43156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              43200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        43156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             43200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1995945.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 824616.286413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828485.100189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1995945.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 824616.286413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 828485.100189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1995945.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 824616.286413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 828485.100189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5576                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5576                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           12715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          12715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80140724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9337306751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9417447475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80140724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9337306751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9417447475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80140724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9337306751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9417447475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1908112.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 736787.402430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740656.506095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1908112.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 736787.402430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740656.506095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1908112.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 736787.402430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740656.506095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        36516                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.937437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         205307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        38564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         5.323799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.553870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     1.756057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1823.234251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         219.393259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.890251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.107126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        42783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 42784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13561                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               13561                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        42812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  42813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        42812                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 42813                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               36470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                36516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36477                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               36516                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62117574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  34315567808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34377685382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     74263089                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     74263089                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62117574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  34389830897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    34451948471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62117574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  34389830897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   34451948471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        79214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             79254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13561                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           13561                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        79289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              79329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        79289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             79329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.459906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.613333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.613333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.460051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.460051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1592758.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 941933.183498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 942629.157719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1614414.978261                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1614414.978261                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1592758.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 942781.229186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 943475.420939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1592758.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 942781.229186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 943475.420939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5733                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5733                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           36516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          36516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58692552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  31116696247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31175388799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     70223664                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70223664                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58692552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  31186919911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31245612463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58692552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  31186919911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31245612463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.459906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.613333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.613333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.460051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.460051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1504937.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 854126.876753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854822.835180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1526601.391304                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1526601.391304                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1504937.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 854974.913260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855669.089249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1504937.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 854974.913260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855669.089249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         9087                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.223274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         218015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        11135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        19.579255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.071080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     4.861362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1403.416095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         600.874738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.685262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.293396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        29782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 29784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9301                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                9301                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        30008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  30010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        30008                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 30010                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                9087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 9087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9053                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                9087                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103908276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7310663825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7414572101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103908276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7310663825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     7414572101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103908276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7310663825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    7414572101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        38835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             38871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9301                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            9301                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              39097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             39097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.233114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.231766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.231766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3056125.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 807540.464487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815953.791240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3056125.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 807540.464487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815953.791240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3056125.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 807540.464487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815953.791240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               4784                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    4784                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            9087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           9087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100923076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6515691469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6616614545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100923076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6515691469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6616614545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100923076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6515691469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6616614545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.233114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.231766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.231766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2968325.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 719727.324533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728140.700451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2968325.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 719727.324533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728140.700451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2968325.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 719727.324533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728140.700451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        19089                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.840587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         160713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        21137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         7.603397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.544753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.472603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1670.311083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         345.512148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.815582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.168707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 36177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6600                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                6600                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  36250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36249                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 36250                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               19088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                19088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19054                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               19088                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62187559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15312322538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15374510097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62187559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15312322538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    15374510097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62187559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15312322538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   15374510097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             55265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6600                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            6600                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              55338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             55338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1829045.852941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 803627.717959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 805454.217152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1829045.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 803627.717959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 805454.217152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1829045.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 803627.717959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 805454.217152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               2540                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    2540                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           19088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          19088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59202031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13638833103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13698035134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59202031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13638833103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13698035134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59202031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13638833103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13698035134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1741236.205882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 715798.945261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717625.478521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1741236.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 715798.945261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717625.478521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1741236.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 715798.945261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717625.478521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        12730                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.436023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         195610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        14778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        13.236568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.943067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     5.406254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1528.934982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         486.151721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.746550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.237379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        30328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 30330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                9760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 166                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        30494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  30496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        30494                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 30496                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               12726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                12726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12682                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               12726                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93629749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10400603396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10494233145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93629749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10400603396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    10494233145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93629749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10400603396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   10494233145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        43010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             43056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            9760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        43176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              43222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        43176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             43222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.294862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2127948.840909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 820107.506387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 824629.352900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2127948.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 820107.506387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 824629.352900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2127948.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 820107.506387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 824629.352900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5580                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5580                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           12725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          12725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89764614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9284153463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9373918077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89764614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9284153463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9373918077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89764614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9284153463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9373918077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.294838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2040104.863636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 732131.019872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736653.679921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2040104.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 732131.019872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736653.679921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2040104.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 732131.019872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736653.679921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         9085                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.227199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         217988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        11133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        19.580347                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.074482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     4.864183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1403.307382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         600.981152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.685209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.293448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        29767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 29769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9289                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                9289                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        29993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  29995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        29993                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 29995                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                9086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 9086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9052                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                9086                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94350224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7342590043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7436940267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94350224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7342590043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     7436940267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94350224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7342590043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    7436940267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        38819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             38855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9289                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            9289                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        39045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              39081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        39045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             39081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.233185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2775006.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 811156.655214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818505.422298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2775006.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 811156.655214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818505.422298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2775006.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 811156.655214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818505.422298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               4783                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    4783                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            9086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           9086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91364989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6547754038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6639119027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91364989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6547754038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6639119027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91364989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6547754038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6639119027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.233185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2687205.558824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 723348.877375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730697.669712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2687205.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 723348.877375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730697.669712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2687205.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 723348.877375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730697.669712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        19086                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.843079                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         160681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        21134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         7.602962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.557164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.472887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1672.170258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         343.642770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.816489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.167794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 36147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6598                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                6598                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  36217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36216                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 36217                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               19085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                19085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19050                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               19085                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     75302826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15388444536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15463747362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     75302826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15388444536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    15463747362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     75302826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15388444536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   15463747362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             55232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6598                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            6598                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              55302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             55302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.345134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2151509.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 807792.364094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 810256.607912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2151509.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 807792.364094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 810256.607912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2151509.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 807792.364094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 810256.607912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               2541                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    2541                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           19085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          19085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72220076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13714518272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13786738348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72220076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13714518272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13786738348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72220076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13714518272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13786738348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.345134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2063430.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 719922.219003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722386.080587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2063430.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 719922.219003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722386.080587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2063430.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 719922.219003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722386.080587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        12731                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.448162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         195631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        14779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        13.237093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.951487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     5.047502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1529.307826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         486.141346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.746732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.237374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 30349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9762                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                9762                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  30513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30511                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 30513                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               12727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                12727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12685                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               12727                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75923201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10341626948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10417550149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75923201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10341626948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    10417550149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75923201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10341626948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   10417550149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        43032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             43076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9762                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            9762                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        43196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              43240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        43196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             43240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1807695.261905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 815264.245014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818539.337550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1807695.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 815264.245014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818539.337550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1807695.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 815264.245014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818539.337550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5583                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5583                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           12726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          12726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72235601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9226649979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9298885580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72235601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9226649979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9298885580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72235601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9226649979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9298885580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1719895.261905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 727424.312441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730699.794122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1719895.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 727424.312441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730699.794122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1719895.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 727424.312441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730699.794122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        36476                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.939227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         205292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        38524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         5.328938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.547252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     1.710911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1822.275724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         220.405340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.889783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.107620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        42738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 42739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13593                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               13593                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        42765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  42766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        42765                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 42766                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               36428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                36476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36437                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               36476                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59289476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34681602913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34740892389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     72871802                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     72871802                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59289476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34754474715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    34813764191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59289476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34754474715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   34813764191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        79127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             79167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13593                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           13593                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        79202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              79242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        79202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             79242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.640000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.640000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.460052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.460052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1520242.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 953079.307291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953686.515565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1518162.541667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1518162.541667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1520242.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 953823.715317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 954429.328627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1520242.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 953823.715317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 954429.328627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5726                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5726                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           36476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          36476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55864923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31485838308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31541703231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     68656547                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68656547                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55864923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31554494855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31610359778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55864923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31554494855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31610359778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.640000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.460052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.460052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1432433.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 865257.036687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865864.259114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1430344.729167                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1430344.729167                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1432433.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 866001.450586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866607.078024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1432433.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 866001.450586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866607.078024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        36467                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.938698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         205331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        38515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         5.331196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.553811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     1.683741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1821.366156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         221.334990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.889339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.108074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 42748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13622                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               13622                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  42776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42775                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 42776                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               36422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                36469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36430                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               36469                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71694612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34760174015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34831868627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     73949222                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73949222                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71694612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34834123237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    34905817849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71694612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34834123237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   34905817849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        79130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             79170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13622                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           13622                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        79205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              79245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        79205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             79245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.459788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.626667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.626667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.459946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.459946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1838323.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 955396.037023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 956341.459200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1573387.702128                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1573387.702128                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1838323.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 956193.336179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957136.687296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1838323.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 956193.336179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957136.687296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5730                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5730                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           36469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          36469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68270412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31565134363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31633404775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     69821999                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69821999                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68270412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31634956362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31703226774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68270412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31634956362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31703226774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.459788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.626667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.626667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.459946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.459946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1750523.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 867579.209054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868524.649250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1485574.446809                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1485574.446809                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1750523.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 868376.512819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869319.881927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1750523.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 868376.512819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869319.881927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        19639                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.539071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         231860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        21687                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        10.691197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.863687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.692855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1657.213271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         355.769259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.809186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.173715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        36464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 36465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19933                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               19933                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        36622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  36623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        36622                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 36623                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               19623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                19627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19590                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               19627                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80042512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16642259622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16722302134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      3403927                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3403927                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80042512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16645663549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    16725706061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80042512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16645663549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   16725706061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        56050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             56088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19933                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           19933                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        56212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              56250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        56212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             56250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.024691                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.024691                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2163311.135135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849701.808537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 852178.674718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 850981.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 850981.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2163311.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849702.069883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 852178.430784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2163311.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849702.069883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 852178.430784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks              10603                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                   10603                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           19627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          19627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76792978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14922177725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14998970703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      3052727                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3052727                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76792978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14925230452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15002023430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76792978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14925230452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15002023430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.024691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2075485.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761879.798070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764356.658156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 763181.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763181.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2075485.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761880.063910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764356.418709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2075485.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761880.063910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764356.418709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        19673                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.533664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         231827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        21721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        10.672943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.886700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.486776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1656.684982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         356.475206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.808928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.174060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 36466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19899                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total               19899                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  36623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36622                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 36623                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               19657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                19661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19624                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               19661                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73507743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16703385238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16776892981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4497320                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4497320                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73507743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16707882558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    16781390301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73507743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16707882558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   16781390301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        56085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             56123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19899                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total           19899                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        56246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              56284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        56246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             56284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.024845                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.024845                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.348896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.348896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1986695.756757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 851344.813354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 853481.863000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1124330                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1124330                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1986695.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 851400.456482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 853536.966634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1986695.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 851400.456482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 853536.966634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks              10603                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                   10603                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           19661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          19661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70257867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14980215373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15050473240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4146120                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4146120                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70257867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14984361493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15054619360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70257867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14984361493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15054619360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.024845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.348896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.348896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1898861.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 763517.603109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765654.639060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1036530                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1036530                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1898861.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 763573.251784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765709.748233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1898861.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 763573.251784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765709.748233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         9093                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.231688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         218011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        11141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        19.568351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.078472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     4.865033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1403.307288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         600.980895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.685209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.293448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        29785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 29787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9294                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                9294                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        30010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  30012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        30010                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 30012                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                9093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 9093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9059                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                9093                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101832276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7308239103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7410071379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101832276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7308239103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     7410071379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101832276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7308239103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    7410071379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        38844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             38880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9294                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            9294                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              39105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             39105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.233215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2995066.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 806737.951540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814920.419993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2995066.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 806737.951540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814920.419993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2995066.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 806737.951540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814920.419993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               4785                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    4785                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            9093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           9093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     98846418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6512757922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6611604340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     98846418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6512757922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6611604340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     98846418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6512757922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6611604340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.233215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2907247.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 718926.804504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727109.242274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2907247.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 718926.804504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727109.242274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2907247.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 718926.804504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727109.242274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              518.720782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012176176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1946492.646154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    36.720782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.058847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12168084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12168084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12168084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12168084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12168084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12168084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    117353615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117353615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    117353615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    117353615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    117353615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    117353615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12168137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12168137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12168137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12168137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12168137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12168137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2214219.150943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2214219.150943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2214219.150943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2214219.150943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2214219.150943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2214219.150943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     82473327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82473327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     82473327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82473327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     82473327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82473327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2170350.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2170350.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2170350.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2170350.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2170350.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2170350.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                56082                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              172660255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                56338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3064.721059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.818418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.181582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.913353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.086647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8582219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8582219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7259271                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7259271                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15841490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15841490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15841490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15841490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5607                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5607                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       196813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       196813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       196813                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       196813                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  81163910086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81163910086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3456351035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3456351035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84620261121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84620261121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84620261121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84620261121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8773425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8773425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16038303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16038303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16038303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16038303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000772                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000772                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 424484.117057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424484.117057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 616434.998217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 616434.998217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 429952.600291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429952.600291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 429952.600291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429952.600291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     49011709                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets            97                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 505275.350515                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           19911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       135284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       140731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       140731                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140731                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        55922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19282749708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19282749708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15190815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15190815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19297940523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19297940523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19297940523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19297940523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 344815.094381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344815.094381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94942.593750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94942.593750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 344102.216808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344102.216808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 344102.216808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344102.216808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              517.317969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1012174582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1954004.984556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    35.317969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.056599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12166490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12166490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12166490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12166490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12166490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12166490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    108888616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108888616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    108888616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    108888616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    108888616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    108888616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12166541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12166541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12166541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12166541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12166541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12166541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2135070.901961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2135070.901961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2135070.901961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2135070.901961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2135070.901961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2135070.901961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78782139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78782139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78782139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78782139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78782139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78782139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2188392.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2188392.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2188392.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2188392.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2188392.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2188392.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                56014                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              172644973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                56270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              3068.153066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.817407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.182593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.913349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.086651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8572822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8572822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7253454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7253454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16695                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16695                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15826276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       15826276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15826276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      15826276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       191347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5592                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5592                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       196939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       196939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       196939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       196939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  81227280774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81227280774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3430256910                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3430256910                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  84657537684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84657537684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  84657537684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84657537684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8764169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8764169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7259046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7259046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16695                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16695                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16023215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16023215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16023215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16023215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000770                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000770                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 424502.504737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424502.504737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 613422.194206                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 613422.194206                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 429866.799791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429866.799791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 429866.799791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429866.799791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     48926886                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets            97                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 504400.886598                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19902                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           19902                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       135493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       140925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       140925                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140925                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        56014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        56014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  19232723075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19232723075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     13957956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13957956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  19246681031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19246681031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  19246681031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19246681031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 344339.225033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344339.225033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 87237.225000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87237.225000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 343604.831489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343604.831489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 343604.831489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343604.831489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              489.716133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1015014632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2067239.576375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    34.716133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.055635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13225674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13225674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13225674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       13225674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13225674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      13225674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    146418870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146418870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    146418870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146418870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    146418870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146418870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13225720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13225720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13225720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     13225720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13225720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     13225720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3183018.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3183018.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3183018.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3183018.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3183018.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3183018.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3236658                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 809164.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100808163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100808163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100808163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100808163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100808163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100808163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2800226.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2800226.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2800226.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2800226.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2800226.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2800226.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                39008                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              165462302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                39264                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4214.096934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.561024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.438976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     10548688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10548688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7836944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7836944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20651                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20651                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19061                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19061                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     18385632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       18385632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     18385632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      18385632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       100596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       102870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       102870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       102870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       102870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22448773190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22448773190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    146920555                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146920555                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22595693745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22595693745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22595693745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22595693745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     10649284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10649284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7839218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7839218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        20651                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20651                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        19061                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19061                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18488502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18488502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18488502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18488502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 223157.711937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223157.711937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64608.863237                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64608.863237                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 219652.899242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219652.899242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 219652.899242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219652.899242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           23                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           23                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            9277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        61813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        63862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        63862                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63862                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9340222942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9340222942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     16419704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16419704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9356642646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9356642646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9356642646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9356642646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240832.914989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240832.914989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 72976.462222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72976.462222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 239864.710982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239864.710982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 239864.710982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239864.710982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              518.031864                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1011541247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1949019.743738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    43.031864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.068961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12845412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12845412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12845412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12845412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12845412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12845412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    119833920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    119833920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    119833920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    119833920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    119833920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    119833920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12845477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12845477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12845477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12845477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12845477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12845477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1843598.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1843598.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1843598.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1843598.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1843598.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1843598.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84313278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84313278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84313278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84313278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84313278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84313278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1916210.863636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1916210.863636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1916210.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1916210.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1916210.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1916210.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                43155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              167220813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                43411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3852.037801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.436945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.563055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8842945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8842945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7445172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7445172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19143                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19143                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17927                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17927                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16288117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       16288117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16288117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      16288117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       138230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          987                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          987                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       139217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       139217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       139217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       139217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  46791289247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46791289247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     83108709                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83108709                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  46874397956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46874397956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  46874397956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46874397956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8981175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8981175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7446159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7446159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19143                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19143                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17927                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17927                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16427334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16427334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16427334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16427334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338503.141482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338503.141482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84203.352584                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84203.352584                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 336700.244625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336700.244625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 336700.244625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336700.244625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            9754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        95240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          821                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          821                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        96061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        96061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        96061                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        96061                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        42990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        43156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        43156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12532157858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12532157858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10700680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10700680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12542858538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12542858538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12542858538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12542858538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 291513.325378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291513.325378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64461.927711                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64461.927711                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290639.969830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290639.969830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290639.969830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290639.969830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              578.286972                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1041183340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1785906.243568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.992261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   540.294711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.060885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.865857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11600559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11600559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11600559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11600559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11600559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11600559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     81147549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81147549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     81147549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81147549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     81147549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81147549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11600615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11600615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11600615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11600615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11600615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11600615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1449063.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1449063.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1449063.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1449063.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1449063.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1449063.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62505988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62505988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62505988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62505988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62505988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62505988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1562649.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1562649.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1562649.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1562649.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1562649.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1562649.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                79289                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              448483105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                79545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              5638.105538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.908405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.091595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     30322429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30322429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16600209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16600209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8123                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8123                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     46922638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       46922638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     46922638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      46922638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       289051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       289051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       289356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       289356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       289356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       289356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 141982842200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 141982842200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    297480639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    297480639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 142280322839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 142280322839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 142280322839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 142280322839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     30611480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30611480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16600514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16600514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8123                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8123                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     47211994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47211994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     47211994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47211994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 491203.428461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491203.428461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 975346.357377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 975346.357377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 491713.746523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491713.746523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 491713.746523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491713.746523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1261215                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1261215                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13561                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           13561                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       209837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       209837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       210067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       210067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       210067                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       210067                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        79214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        79289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        79289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  37539684453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37539684453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     76569655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76569655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  37616254108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37616254108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  37616254108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37616254108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 473902.144230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473902.144230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1020928.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020928.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474419.580371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474419.580371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474419.580371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474419.580371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              489.716403                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1015017440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2067245.295316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    34.716403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.055635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13228482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13228482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13228482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       13228482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13228482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      13228482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    150439853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150439853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    150439853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    150439853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    150439853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    150439853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13228529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13228529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13228529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     13228529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13228529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     13228529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3200847.936170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3200847.936170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3200847.936170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3200847.936170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3200847.936170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3200847.936170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3238946                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 809736.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104336174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104336174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104336174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104336174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104336174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104336174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2898227.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2898227.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2898227.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2898227.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2898227.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2898227.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                39061                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              165465705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                39317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4208.502810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.560912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.439088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.912347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.087653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     10549910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10549910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7839353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7839353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20417                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20417                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19067                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19067                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     18389263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       18389263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     18389263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      18389263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       100730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       103022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       103022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       103022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       103022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22399079364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22399079364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    147645301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    147645301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22546724665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22546724665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22546724665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22546724665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     10650640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10650640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7841645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7841645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        20417                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20417                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        19067                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19067                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     18492285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18492285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     18492285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18492285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 222367.510811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222367.510811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64417.670593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64417.670593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 218853.494060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218853.494060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 218853.494060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218853.494060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9301                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            9301                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        61895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        63961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        63961                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63961                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        38835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9322558733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9322558733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     16503791                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16503791                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9339062524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9339062524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9339062524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9339062524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 240055.587305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240055.587305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 73025.623894                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73025.623894                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 239089.181639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239089.181639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 239089.181639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239089.181639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              558.871177                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              931065464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1656700.113879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    33.719882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.151295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.054038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12368281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12368281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12368281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12368281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12368281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12368281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71360434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71360434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71360434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71360434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71360434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71360434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12368332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12368332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12368332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12368332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12368332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12368332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1399224.196078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1399224.196078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1399224.196078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1399224.196078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1399224.196078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1399224.196078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62551812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62551812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62551812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62551812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62551812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62551812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1787194.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1787194.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1787194.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1787194.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1787194.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1787194.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                55303                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              224753401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                55559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4045.310409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   203.154290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    52.845710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.793571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.206429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     18167415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18167415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3499933                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3499933                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8286                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8286                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8213                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8213                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21667348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       21667348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21667348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      21667348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       195177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          327                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          327                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       195504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       195504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       195504                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       195504                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  88135123652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  88135123652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     28232711                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28232711                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  88163356363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88163356363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  88163356363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88163356363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18362592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18362592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3500260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3500260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8213                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8213                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21862852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21862852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21862852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21862852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451565.110910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451565.110910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86338.565749                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86338.565749                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 450954.232972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450954.232972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 450954.232972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450954.232972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6600                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            6600                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       139947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       139947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       140201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       140201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17842824290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17842824290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4757629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4757629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17847581919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17847581919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17847581919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17847581919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 323063.992214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323063.992214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        65173                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65173                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 322723.575918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322723.575918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 322723.575918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322723.575918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              519.936992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1011545330                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1941545.738964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    44.936992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.072014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12849495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12849495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12849495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12849495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12849495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12849495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    126673083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126673083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    126673083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    126673083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    126673083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    126673083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12849559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12849559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12849559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12849559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12849559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12849559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1979266.921875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1979266.921875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1979266.921875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1979266.921875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1979266.921875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1979266.921875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94141597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94141597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94141597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94141597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94141597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94141597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2046556.456522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2046556.456522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2046556.456522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2046556.456522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2046556.456522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2046556.456522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                43176                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              167230880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                43432                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3850.407073                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.433292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.566708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.911849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.088151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8849654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8849654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7448479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7448479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19187                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19187                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17934                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17934                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16298133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       16298133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16298133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      16298133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       138298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          989                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          989                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       139287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       139287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       139287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       139287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  46590017901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46590017901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     83385688                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83385688                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  46673403589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46673403589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  46673403589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46673403589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8987952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8987952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7449468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7449468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19187                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19187                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17934                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17934                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16437420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16437420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16437420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16437420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 336881.356932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336881.356932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84313.132457                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84313.132457                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 335088.009570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335088.009570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 335088.009570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335088.009570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            9760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        95288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        96111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        96111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        96111                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        96111                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        43010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        43176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        43176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12483032182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12483032182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10698887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10698887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12493731069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12493731069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12493731069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12493731069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 290235.577354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290235.577354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64451.126506                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64451.126506                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 289367.497429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289367.497429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 289367.497429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289367.497429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              489.716123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1015014911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2067240.144603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    34.716123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.055635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13225953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13225953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13225953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       13225953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13225953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      13225953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    136949716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    136949716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    136949716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    136949716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    136949716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    136949716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13225999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13225999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13225999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     13225999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13225999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     13225999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2977167.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2977167.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2977167.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2977167.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2977167.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2977167.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2593367                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 864455.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94764911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94764911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94764911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94764911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94764911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94764911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2632358.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2632358.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2632358.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2632358.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2632358.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2632358.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                39044                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              165461489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                39300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4210.216005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.560823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.439177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     10547592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10547592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7837485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7837485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20393                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20393                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19061                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19061                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     18385077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       18385077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     18385077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      18385077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       100541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       102833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       102833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       102833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       102833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22427577211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22427577211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    147693859                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    147693859                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22575271070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22575271070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22575271070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22575271070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     10648133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10648133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7839777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7839777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        20393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19061                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19061                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     18487910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18487910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     18487910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18487910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 223068.968988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223068.968988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64438.856457                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64438.856457                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 219533.331421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219533.331421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 219533.331421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219533.331421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           27                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    13.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            9289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        61722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        63788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        63788                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63788                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        38819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        39045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        39045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9353361854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9353361854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     16492344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16492344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9369854198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9369854198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9369854198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9369854198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 240948.037147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240948.037147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 72974.973451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72974.973451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 239975.776617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239975.776617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 239975.776617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239975.776617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              559.721967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              931054605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1653738.197158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    34.532228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.189739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.055340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12357422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12357422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12357422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12357422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12357422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12357422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     91686642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91686642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     91686642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91686642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     91686642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91686642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12357475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12357475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12357475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12357475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12357475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12357475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1729936.641509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1729936.641509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1729936.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1729936.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1729936.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1729936.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     75692669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75692669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     75692669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75692669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     75692669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75692669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2102574.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102574.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2102574.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102574.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2102574.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102574.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                55266                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              224733055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                55522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4047.639764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   202.009512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    53.990488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.789100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.210900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     18149558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18149558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3497454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3497454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8282                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8282                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8207                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8207                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     21647012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       21647012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     21647012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      21647012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       194941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       195240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       195240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       195240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       195240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  88560339731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  88560339731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     25901696                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25901696                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  88586241427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88586241427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  88586241427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88586241427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18344499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18344499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3497753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3497753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8207                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8207                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     21842252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21842252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     21842252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21842252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 454293.041130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 454293.041130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86627.745819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86627.745819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453729.980675                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453729.980675                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453729.980675                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453729.980675                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            6598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       139745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       139745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       139974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       139974                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139974                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17916568180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17916568180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4564583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4564583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17921132763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17921132763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17921132763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17921132763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 324599.032176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324599.032176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 65208.328571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65208.328571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 324270.487515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324270.487515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 324270.487515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324270.487515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              517.870669                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1011553107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1949042.595376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    42.870669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.068703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12857272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12857272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12857272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12857272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12857272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12857272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105632874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105632874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105632874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105632874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105632874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105632874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12857333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12857333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12857333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12857333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12857333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12857333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1731686.459016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1731686.459016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1731686.459016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1731686.459016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1731686.459016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1731686.459016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76414010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76414010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76414010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76414010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76414010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76414010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1736682.045455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1736682.045455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1736682.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1736682.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1736682.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1736682.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                43196                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              167235832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                43452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3848.748780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.436514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.563486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.911861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.088139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8852196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8852196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7450780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7450780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19291                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19291                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17939                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17939                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16302976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       16302976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16302976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      16302976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       138181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       139154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       139154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       139154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       139154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  46357208900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46357208900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     81835456                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81835456                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  46439044356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46439044356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  46439044356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46439044356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8990377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8990377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7451753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7451753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19291                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19291                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17939                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17939                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16442130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16442130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16442130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16442130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335481.787655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335481.787655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84106.326824                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84106.326824                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 333724.106788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333724.106788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 333724.106788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333724.106788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            9762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        95149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        95958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        95958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        95958                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        95958                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        43032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        43196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        43196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12425420989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12425420989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10570116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10570116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12435991105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12435991105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12435991105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12435991105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 288748.396286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288748.396286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64451.926829                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64451.926829                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287896.821581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287896.821581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287896.821581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287896.821581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              579.326193                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1041152122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1785852.696398                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.249490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.076703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.061297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11569341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11569341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11569341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11569341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11569341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11569341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     82935284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82935284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     82935284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82935284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     82935284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82935284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11569397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11569397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11569397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11569397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11569397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11569397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1480987.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1480987.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1480987.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1480987.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1480987.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1480987.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59678218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59678218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59678218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59678218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59678218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59678218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1491955.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1491955.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1491955.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1491955.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1491955.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1491955.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                79202                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              448417935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                79458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5643.458620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.910491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.089509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     30279922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30279922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     16577576                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16577576                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8105                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8105                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8088                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8088                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     46857498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       46857498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     46857498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      46857498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       290634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       290939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       290939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       290939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       290939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 143880893368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 143880893368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    292002461                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    292002461                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 144172895829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 144172895829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 144172895829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 144172895829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     30570556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30570556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     16577881                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16577881                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8105                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8105                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8088                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8088                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     47148437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47148437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     47148437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47148437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 495058.710846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 495058.710846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 957385.118033                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 957385.118033                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 495543.381358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 495543.381358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 495543.381358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 495543.381358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1230809                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1230809                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           13593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       211507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       211737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       211737                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211737                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        79127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        79202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        79202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  37902897584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37902897584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     75072222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75072222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  37977969806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37977969806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  37977969806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37977969806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 479013.454118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479013.454118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1000962.960000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1000962.960000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 479507.712002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479507.712002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 479507.712002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479507.712002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              579.132514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1041149806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1785848.723842                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    38.056110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.076405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.060987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.867110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11567025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11567025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11567025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11567025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11567025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11567025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100483360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100483360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100483360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100483360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100483360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100483360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11567087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11567087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11567087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11567087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11567087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11567087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1620699.354839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1620699.354839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1620699.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1620699.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1620699.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1620699.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72083354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72083354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72083354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72083354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72083354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72083354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1802083.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1802083.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1802083.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1802083.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1802083.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1802083.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                79202                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              448418796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                79458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              5643.469456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.910742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.089258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.437151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.562849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     30278262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30278262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16580087                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16580087                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8090                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8090                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     46858349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       46858349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     46858349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      46858349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       290433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       290736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       290736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       290736                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       290736                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 143695409717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 143695409717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    295490853                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    295490853                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 143990900570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 143990900570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 143990900570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 143990900570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     30568695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30568695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16580390                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16580390                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8090                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8090                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     47149085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47149085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     47149085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47149085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 494762.680952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 494762.680952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 975217.336634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 975217.336634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 495263.402434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 495263.402434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 495263.402434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 495263.402434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1230651                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1230651                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13622                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           13622                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       211303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       211531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       211531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        79130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        79205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        79205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  37980759092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37980759092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     76189718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76189718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  38056948810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38056948810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  38056948810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38056948810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 479979.263137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479979.263137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1015862.906667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015862.906667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 480486.696673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480486.696673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 480486.696673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480486.696673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              519.020034                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1012188599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1946516.536538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    37.020034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.059327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12180507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12180507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12180507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12180507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12180507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12180507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    105233317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105233317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    105233317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105233317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    105233317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105233317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12180557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12180557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12180557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12180557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12180557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12180557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2104666.340000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2104666.340000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2104666.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2104666.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2104666.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2104666.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80428474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80428474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80428474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80428474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80428474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80428474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2116538.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2116538.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2116538.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2116538.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2116538.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2116538.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                56212                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              172679557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                56468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3058.007314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.821968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.178032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.913367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.086633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8592593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8592593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7268265                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7268265                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16728                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16728                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15860858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15860858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15860858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15860858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       191974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5674                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5674                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       197648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       197648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       197648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       197648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  81268850058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81268850058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3441483993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3441483993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  84710334051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84710334051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  84710334051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84710334051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8784567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8784567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7273939                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7273939                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16728                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16728                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16058506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16058506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16058506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16058506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000780                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000780                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 423332.587007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423332.587007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 606535.775996                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 606535.775996                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 428591.911130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428591.911130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 428591.911130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428591.911130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     42751111                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets           101                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 423278.326733                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           19933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       135924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       141436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       141436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       141436                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       141436                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        56050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        56212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        56212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  19203188626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19203188626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13709635                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13709635                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  19216898261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19216898261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  19216898261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19216898261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 342608.182444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342608.182444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84627.376543                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84627.376543                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 341864.695456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341864.695456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 341864.695456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341864.695456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              518.248126                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1012182212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1946504.253846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    36.248126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.058090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12174120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12174120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12174120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12174120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12174120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12174120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95706798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95706798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95706798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95706798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95706798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95706798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12174169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12174169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12174169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12174169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12174169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12174169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1953199.959184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1953199.959184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1953199.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1953199.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1953199.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1953199.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73893468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73893468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73893468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73893468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73893468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73893468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1944564.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1944564.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1944564.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1944564.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1944564.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1944564.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                56246                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              172670291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                56502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3056.003168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.819425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.180575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.913357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.086643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8586728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8586728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7264674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7264674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15851402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15851402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15851402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15851402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       191707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       197336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       197336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       197336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       197336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  81166980897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81166980897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3454325657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3454325657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  84621306554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84621306554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  84621306554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84621306554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8778435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8778435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7270303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7270303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17908                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17908                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16048738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16048738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16048738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16048738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000774                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000774                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 423390.804180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423390.804180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 613665.954344                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 613665.954344                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 428818.393775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428818.393775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 428818.393775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428818.393775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     51525024                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets           102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 505147.294118                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19899                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           19899                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       135622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       141090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       141090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       141090                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       141090                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        56085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        56246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        56246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19263984666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19263984666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14704298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14704298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19278688964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19278688964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19278688964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19278688964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 343478.375074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343478.375074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91331.043478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91331.043478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 342756.622053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342756.622053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 342756.622053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342756.622053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              489.716486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1015019222                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2067248.924644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    34.716486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.055635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13230264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13230264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13230264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13230264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13230264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13230264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149607980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149607980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149607980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    149607980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149607980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    149607980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13230310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13230310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13230310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13230310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13230310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13230310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3252347.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3252347.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3252347.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3252347.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3252347.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3252347.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3234245                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1078081.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102268214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102268214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102268214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102268214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102268214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102268214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2840783.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2840783.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2840783.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2840783.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2840783.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2840783.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                39069                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              165474466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                39325                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4207.869447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.560741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.439259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     10556363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10556363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7841659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7841659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20414                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20414                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19072                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19072                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     18398022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       18398022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     18398022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      18398022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       100730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       103004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       103004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       103004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       103004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22381962740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22381962740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    146804582                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146804582                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22528767322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22528767322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22528767322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22528767322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     10657093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10657093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7843933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7843933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        20414                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20414                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19072                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19072                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     18501026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18501026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     18501026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18501026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 222197.585029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222197.585029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64557.863676                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64557.863676                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 218717.402450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218717.402450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 218717.402450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218717.402450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            9294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        61886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        63935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        63935                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63935                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        38844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9320245380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9320245380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     16414172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16414172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9336659552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9336659552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9336659552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9336659552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239940.412419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239940.412419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 72951.875556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72951.875556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 238978.718472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238978.718472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 238978.718472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238978.718472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
