
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011191                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11190714165                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538966090710                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 393915                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   494814                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 270839                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67741412                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41318.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16276086261                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20445103206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       153216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       118528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       434048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       239232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       153600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       153344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       237440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       235904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       236800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       434048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       153216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       435968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       377984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3794432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           73984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1376256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1376256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 29644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           10752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                10752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13691351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       400332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     10591639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     38786443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       400332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21377724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13725666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13702789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     10637391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       388894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21217591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21080335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21160401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     38786443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13691351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     10637391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       388894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     38958014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     10637391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33776575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               339069692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       400332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       400332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       388894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       388894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6611196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         122981963                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              122981963                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         122981963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13691351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       400332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     10591639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     38786443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       400332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21377724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13725666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13702789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     10637391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       388894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21217591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21080335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21160401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     38786443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13691351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     10637391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       388894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     38958014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     10637391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33776575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              462051655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2069568                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693381                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204636                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       871428                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815079                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213986                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9325                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19957680                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11566345                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2069568                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2415486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        557724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      1088809                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1222638                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23812435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21396949     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         112418      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         179112      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         241982      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         249271      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         211033      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         118700      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         175172      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1127798      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23812435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077118                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430997                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19753179                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1295319                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2410935                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2797                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340360                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14196385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19807337                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        166378                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1003749                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2360214                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       124552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14190539                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        18334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        53440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19800941                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66011693                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66011693                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17153383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2647543                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3550                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1859                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          371863                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1332161                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       718632                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8452                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       211905                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14173352                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3559                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13460025                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1982                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1571551                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3757125                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23812435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18084420     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2382817     10.01%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1199700      5.04%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       879054      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       696414      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284027      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179795      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93579      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12629      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23812435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2527     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8241     36.51%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11806     52.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11321153     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199976      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221115      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716094      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13460025                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.501561                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22574                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50757041                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15748519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13252741                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13482599                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26976                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217610                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9582                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        136940                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11978                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14176935                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1507                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1332161                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10012                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114562                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233334                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13269247                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147210                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1863245                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1885500                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           716035                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.494452                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13252850                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13252741                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7607747                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20506410                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.493837                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12305296                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1871636                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206964                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23462235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18385981     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2528406     10.78%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943685      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450636      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396906      1.69%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218599      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180490      0.77%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86203      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271329      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23462235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12305296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1823601                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1114551                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1774541                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11086908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       253435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       271329                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37367773                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          28704083                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                304695                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               3023811                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12305296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.683624                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.683624                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.372630                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.372630                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59723213                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18461422                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13155506                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2320437                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1932261                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212889                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       915240                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         849518                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249394                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9954                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20213605                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12730442                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2320437                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1098912                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2653074                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        591753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      1879948                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1256364                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203521                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     25124909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.984638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       22471835     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         162122      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         205639      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         327389      1.30%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         136547      0.54%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         175180      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         204972      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          94093      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1347132      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     25124909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.086467                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.474375                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20096529                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      2009896                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2640567                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1270                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       376640                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       352593                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     15557626                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1649                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       376640                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20117181                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         65046                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1888361                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2621207                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        56468                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     15462438                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         8223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        39144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     21599140                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     71905969                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     71905969                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     18063179                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3535899                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3796                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2004                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          199234                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1447488                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       756779                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8391                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       171355                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         15097140                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3809                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14479869                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14849                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1838766                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3748888                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          195                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25124909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18986815     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2802412     11.15%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1142138      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       642838      2.56%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       867283      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268051      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263488      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140720      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11164      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25124909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100212     79.22%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13317     10.53%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12971     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12198480     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197918      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1327672      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       754008      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14479869                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.539564                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126500                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008736                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54225996                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16939809                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14102629                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14606369                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10710                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273258                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           96                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10511                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       376640                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         49821                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6341                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15100953                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11246                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1447488                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       756779                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2005                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5515                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           96                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126345                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118787                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       245132                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14227799                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305847                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252070                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2059767                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2011797                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           753920                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.530171                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             14102706                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            14102629                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8447396                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        22692710                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.525507                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372252                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10509108                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12949850                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2151092                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       214490                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24748269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19266423     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2777905     11.22%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1009772      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501442      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       460131      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193436      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190876      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91157      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257127      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24748269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10509108                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12949850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1920472                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1174216                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1877057                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11659105                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       267426                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       257127                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           39592006                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          30578606                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                308743                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1711337                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10509108                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12949850                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10509108                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.553618                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.553618                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.391601                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.391601                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       64022008                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      19708359                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      14390633                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1819968                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1641888                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97420                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       679425                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         647911                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          99926                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4238                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19282417                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11439410                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1819968                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       747837                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2260806                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        307999                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2643966                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1108120                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97628                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     24398112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.852025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       22137306     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          80276      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         164852      0.68%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          69661      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         373940      1.53%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         334772      1.37%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          64082      0.26%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         136148      0.56%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1037075      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     24398112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067818                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.426267                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19076862                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2853839                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2252150                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         7346                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       207910                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       159868                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13413307                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1525                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       207910                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19103896                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2640459                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       122968                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2235562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        87310                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13404879                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           49                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        44326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        29202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          462                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     15750804                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     63126808                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     63126808                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     13921383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        1829402                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          800                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          206600                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      3157297                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      1594870                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14586                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        76991                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13375999                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1574                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12837431                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7472                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1066232                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2579906                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24398112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19786445     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1408422      5.77%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1139963      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       492568      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       615620      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       580921      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       331300      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26490      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16383      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24398112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32453     11.36%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       246120     86.13%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7190      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8059509     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       112218      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          768      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3074275     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1590661     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12837431                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.478362                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285763                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022260                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50366209                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14444172                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12726892                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13123194                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23191                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       127762                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          369                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10801                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       207910                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2571402                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26036                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13377593                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3157297                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1594870                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          800                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15869                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          369                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55580                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58257                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       113837                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12747590                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3064307                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        89841                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            4654788                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1669779                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          1590481                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.475014                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12727326                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12726892                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6878864                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        13596058                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.474243                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.505945                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10330086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12139478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1239428                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1551                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        99331                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24190202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19770485     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1626981      6.73%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       757612      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       744396      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       207570      0.86%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       851389      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        64904      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47484      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119381      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24190202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10330086                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12139478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              4613597                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             3029528                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1603078                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10795073                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       117648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       119381                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37449688                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          26965772                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                415217                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2438134                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10330086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12139478                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10330086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.597872                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.597872                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.384930                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.384930                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       63006715                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      14789165                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      15956516                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1548                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1957075                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1604764                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193409                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       798059                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         760908                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200275                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8597                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18681168                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11137203                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1957075                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       961183                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2446927                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        554485                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1906886                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1153352                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       192437                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23392384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20945457     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         264505      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         307080      1.31%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         168041      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         192329      0.82%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         106728      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          72247      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         189740      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1146257      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23392384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.072927                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.415006                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       18522542                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2068783                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2425812                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        19899                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       355347                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       317453                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2057                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13591833                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        10806                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       355347                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       18553548                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        595846                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1387377                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2415307                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        84950                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13582140                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        21026                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        39678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     18868819                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     63239023                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     63239023                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16043289                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2825523                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3579                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2015                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          230070                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1301458                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       707009                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18221                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       156469                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13556514                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3588                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12787294                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18870                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1741314                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4050256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          438                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23392384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18006074     76.97%     76.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2164736      9.25%     86.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1164581      4.98%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       806729      3.45%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       704775      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       358903      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88505      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56084      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41997      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23392384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3273     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12345     43.83%     55.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12548     44.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10699701     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199976      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1563      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1185113      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       700941      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12787294                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.476493                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28166                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002203                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49014008                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15301550                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12567974                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12815460                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31636                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       237612                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18353                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          566                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       355347                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        550807                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13855                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13560125                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7978                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1301458                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707009                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2015                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9703                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110957                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109984                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       220941                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12593985                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1112011                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193309                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1812717                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1760525                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           700706                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.469290                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12568272                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12567974                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7471914                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        19574182                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.468321                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381723                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9423356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11561253                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1999059                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3150                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       194374                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23037037                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18313127     79.49%     79.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2190446      9.51%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       919321      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       551019      2.39%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       381483      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246261      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129075      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103019      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203286      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23037037                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9423356                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11561253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1752499                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1063843                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1572                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1654512                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10423088                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       235224                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       203286                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           36393998                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          27475991                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                289498                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               3443862                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9423356                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11561253                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9423356                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.847844                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.847844                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.351143                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.351143                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       56807888                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      17441150                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      12685490                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3146                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               26836239                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2073522                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1696631                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204931                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       874108                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817064                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214326                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9322                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20001182                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11587521                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2073522                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1031390                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2420025                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        558091                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1064903                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1225053                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204951                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23836636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931973                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21416611     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         112646      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         179514      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         242384      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         249927      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         211353      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         119214      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         175609      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1129378      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23836636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077266                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.431786                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19796252                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1271841                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2415471                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2801                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       350266                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       340972                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14221688                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       350266                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19850560                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        168307                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       977980                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2364600                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       124918                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14215827                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        18403                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        53597                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     19835989                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     66129277                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     66129277                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17192904                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2643085                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3559                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1864                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          373144                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1333989                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       720118                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8526                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       212152                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14198737                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3568                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13487394                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1989                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1567373                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3745774                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          162                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23836636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18096364     75.92%     75.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2388215     10.02%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1202626      5.05%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       880585      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       697701      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284405      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180497      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93583      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12660      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23836636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2518     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8260     36.53%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11831     52.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11344357     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200475      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1691      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1223244      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717627      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13487394                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.502581                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22609                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50836022                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15769735                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13280519                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13510003                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27200                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216873                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       350266                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        138882                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12015                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14202326                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1333989                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720118                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1867                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10069                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119137                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114536                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       233673                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13296950                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1149719                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1867289                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1889640                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           717570                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.495485                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13280634                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13280519                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7623352                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20547632                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.494873                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371009                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10023035                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12333614                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1868714                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3406                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       207265                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23486370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18398372     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2534343     10.79%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       945969      4.03%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451412      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397850      1.69%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       219301      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180714      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86364      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272045      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23486370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10023035                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12333614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1827799                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1117116                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1700                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1778609                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11112436                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       254017                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       272045                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           37416588                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          28754935                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                305232                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2999603                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10023035                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12333614                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10023035                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.677456                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.677456                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.373489                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.373489                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       59848660                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18499041                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13180222                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3402                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2073247                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1696393                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204976                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       872954                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816536                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214351                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9338                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19992694                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11586665                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2073247                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1030887                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2419745                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        558621                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1063809                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1224760                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204982                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23827262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21407517     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         112613      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         179430      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         242396      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         249730      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         211431      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         118908      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         175466      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1129771      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23827262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077255                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.431754                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19787791                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1270722                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2415184                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2806                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       350754                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       340968                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14221364                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       350754                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19842054                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        174263                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       971002                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2364360                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       124824                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14215502                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        18407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        53531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19835650                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     66127792                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     66127792                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     17184021                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2651618                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3555                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1861                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          372587                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1334487                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       719920                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8472                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       212201                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14198280                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3563                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13483895                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1985                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1573946                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3762603                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23827262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18089215     75.92%     75.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2386844     10.02%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1201852      5.04%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       880637      3.70%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       697675      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284538      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180111      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93740      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12650      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23827262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2527     11.18%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8252     36.50%     47.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11829     52.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11341259     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200327      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1690      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1223244      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717375      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13483895                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.502451                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22608                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50819643                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15775846                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13276306                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13506503                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27029                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217944                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9599                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       350754                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        144669                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12017                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14201867                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1515                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1334487                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       719920                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10051                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118979                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114750                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       233729                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13292835                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1149243                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191058                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1866560                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1888888                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           717317                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.495331                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13276420                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13276306                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7621227                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        20542917                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.494715                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.370990                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10017834                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12327286                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1874577                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3402                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       207307                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23476508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367123                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18391230     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2532844     10.79%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       945403      4.03%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451463      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397576      1.69%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       219005      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180815      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86348      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271824      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23476508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10017834                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12327286                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1826864                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1116543                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1698                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1777733                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11106705                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       253891                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       271824                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           37406482                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          28754500                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                305189                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               3008984                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10017834                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12327286                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10017834                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.678847                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.678847                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.373295                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.373295                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       59829257                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18494164                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13178650                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3398                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2316388                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1928556                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212487                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       912012                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847217                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249286                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9968                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20176423                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12709919                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2316388                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1096503                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2649456                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        590616                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      1921595                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2859                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1254142                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203083                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     25126614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       22477158     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         162219      0.65%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         204824      0.82%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         326843      1.30%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         137267      0.55%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         174968      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         204834      0.82%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          94048      0.37%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1344453      5.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     25126614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.086316                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.473610                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20061004                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      2051573                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2636860                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1244                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       375926                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       352333                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     15533110                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1639                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       375926                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20081470                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         64879                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1930504                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2617608                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        56221                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     15437040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         8155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        39155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     21562988                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     71787768                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     71787768                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     18033035                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3529944                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3758                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1969                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          198588                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445828                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       755487                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8202                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       170361                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         15072760                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3773                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14456890                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15202                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1835574                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3746790                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          164                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25126614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18999582     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2795478     11.13%     86.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1141931      4.54%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       640589      2.55%     93.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       866990      3.45%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267208      1.06%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263167      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140571      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11098      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25126614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100071     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13390     10.59%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12936     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12178246     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197700      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1788      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1326396      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       752760      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14456890                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.538708                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126397                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008743                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54181993                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16912200                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14079618                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14583287                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10484                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273602                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           95                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10487                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       375926                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         49627                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6531                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15076538                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445828                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       755487                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1970                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5708                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           95                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125942                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118557                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       244499                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14205383                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1304346                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251507                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2057009                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2008869                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           752663                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.529336                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14079706                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14079618                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8434510                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        22655754                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.524649                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372290                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10491542                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12928118                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2148472                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       214079                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24750688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19277960     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2773424     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007557      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501462      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458959      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193144      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190430      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90958      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256794      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24750688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10491542                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12928118                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1917223                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1172223                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1873873                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11639539                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       266965                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       256794                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           39570406                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          30529127                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                308182                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1709632                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10491542                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12928118                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10491542                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.557893                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.557893                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390947                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390947                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       63917597                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      19675718                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      14367218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               26833438                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1959260                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1606143                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194163                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       799298                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761647                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200851                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8637                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18725805                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11153206                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1959260                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       962498                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2450687                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        556549                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1904601                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1156508                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193350                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23439834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20989147     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         265491      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         305824      1.30%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         167905      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         193568      0.83%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         106625      0.45%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          73199      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         190433      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1147642      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23439834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073016                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.415646                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       18567263                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2066339                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2429912                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        19622                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       356697                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       318228                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2044                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     13616569                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        10797                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       356697                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       18597778                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        438614                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1542727                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2419641                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        84368                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     13607211                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        20932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        39461                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     18901268                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     63361817                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     63361817                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     16070179                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2831030                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3581                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2015                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          227116                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1305226                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       708699                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18317                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       156299                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         13581098                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3591                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12812321                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18628                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1744710                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4057830                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          437                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23439834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18043153     76.98%     76.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2170230      9.26%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1165915      4.97%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       806804      3.44%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       706024      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       361098      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88065      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56487      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42058      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23439834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3090     10.90%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12627     44.55%     55.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12627     44.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10719491     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200307      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1565      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1188404      9.28%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702554      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12812321                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.477476                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28344                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002212                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49111448                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15329538                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12591318                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12840665                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31831                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239573                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          142                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18869                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          495                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       356697                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        394924                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13434                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13584718                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7997                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1305226                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       708699                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2016                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9189                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          142                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111229                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110156                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       221385                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12617651                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1113962                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1816266                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1763208                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           702304                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.470221                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12591626                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12591318                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7485679                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        19615380                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.469240                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381623                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9439109                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11580694                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2004122                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       195184                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23083137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18352194     79.50%     79.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2193887      9.50%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       920394      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       551171      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       382641      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246399      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129240      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103181      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       204030      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23083137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9439109                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11580694                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1755451                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1065640                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1657311                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10440632                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       235639                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       204030                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           36463858                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          27526415                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                290551                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               3393604                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9439109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11580694                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9439109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.842794                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.842794                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.351767                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.351767                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       56915623                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      17472082                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      12704338                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3150                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1958324                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1605394                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193336                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       798704                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761822                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8575                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18718844                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11148765                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1958324                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       962410                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2449744                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        553273                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1926111                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1155166                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       192506                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23451050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21001306     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         265055      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         306775      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         168037      0.72%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         193317      0.82%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         106577      0.45%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          72824      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         189890      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1147269      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23451050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.072973                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.415437                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       18560338                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2087818                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2428871                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        19725                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       354297                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       318052                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         2054                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13608102                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        10835                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       354297                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       18590995                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        517989                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1485206                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2418627                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        83927                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13598984                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        20552                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        39346                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     18894289                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     63323292                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     63323292                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16079347                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2814942                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3560                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1993                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          227596                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1301948                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       708248                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18540                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       156784                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13573461                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3570                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12809766                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18214                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1731502                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4024105                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          412                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23451050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546234                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18053735     76.98%     76.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2170236      9.25%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1167365      4.98%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       807707      3.44%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705261      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       360168      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88324      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56181      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42073      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23451050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3116     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12381     44.09%     55.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12585     44.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10718291     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200513      1.57%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1566      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1186821      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702575      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12809766                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.477331                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28082                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002192                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49116878                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15308671                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12591138                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12837848                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32012                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       235705                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18019                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          447                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       354297                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        481434                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13181                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13577054                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7890                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1301948                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       708248                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1993                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9204                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110878                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109714                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       220592                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12616485                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1113387                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193281                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1815714                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1763840                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           702327                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.470129                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12591388                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12591138                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7485830                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        19611315                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.469184                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381710                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9444600                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11587271                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1989907                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3158                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       194332                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23096753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18362350     79.50%     79.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2195451      9.51%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       921788      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       551202      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       382881      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246626      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129225      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103206      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       204024      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23096753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9444600                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11587271                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1756472                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1066243                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1658188                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10446573                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       235751                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       204024                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           36469842                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          27508670                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                289304                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               3385196                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9444600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11587271                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9444600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.841438                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.841438                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.351934                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.351934                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       56912131                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      17473074                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12700150                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1956084                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1603716                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193969                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       799044                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         760698                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200426                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8614                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18696769                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11137044                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1956084                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       961124                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2447051                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        555624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1907399                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1154756                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193168                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23409111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20962060     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         265253      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         305617      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         167713      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         193463      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         106501      0.45%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          72835      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         189407      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1146262      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23409111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.072890                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.415000                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       18538254                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2069088                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2426056                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        19877                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       355835                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       317534                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         2057                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13593791                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        10848                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       355835                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       18568913                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        524243                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1459588                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2415746                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        84777                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13584359                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        20905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        39642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     18869129                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     63252713                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     63252713                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     16044848                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2824276                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3619                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2052                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          228423                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1302270                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       707302                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18648                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       156270                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13558707                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3630                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12792482                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18771                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1741428                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4042184                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          479                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23409111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18020926     76.98%     76.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2166362      9.25%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1165166      4.98%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       804327      3.44%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705556      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       360274      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88280      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56227      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41993      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23409111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3190     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12425     44.08%     55.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12573     44.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10703733     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200028      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1563      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1185965      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       701193      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12792482                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.476687                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28188                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002203                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49041034                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15303904                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12572138                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12820670                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32161                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238335                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18588                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          626                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       355835                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        479968                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13562359                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8204                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1302270                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707302                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2056                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9220                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111228                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110189                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       221417                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12598443                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1112244                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194039                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1813212                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1760468                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           700968                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.469456                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12572416                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12572138                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7473709                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        19582724                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.468476                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381648                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9424249                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11562345                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2000127                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3151                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       194965                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23053275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18330146     79.51%     79.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2189644      9.50%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       919365      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       550457      2.39%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       381712      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246338      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129001      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102840      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203772      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23053275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9424249                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11562345                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1752649                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1063935                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1572                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1654664                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10424075                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       235247                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       203772                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           36411910                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          27480822                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                290110                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               3427135                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9424249                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11562345                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9424249                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.847574                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.847574                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.351176                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.351176                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       56828867                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      17445769                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12685495                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1816522                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1638803                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97534                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       685306                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         646310                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          99819                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4255                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19255297                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11417327                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1816522                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       746129                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2255974                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        307995                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      2620042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1106803                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97784                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     24342136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.852389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       22086162     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          79707      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         164353      0.68%     91.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          69470      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         373220      1.53%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         334156      1.37%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          63951      0.26%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         136135      0.56%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1034982      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     24342136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067689                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.425444                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19055534                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      2824093                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2247353                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         7340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       207811                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       159556                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13387835                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1506                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       207811                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19082286                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       2622750                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       110635                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2230731                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        87916                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13379415                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           48                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        44823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        29118                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          519                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     15719670                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     63005453                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     63005453                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     13892346                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        1827308                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1561                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          794                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          205721                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3153084                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1592477                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14452                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        76644                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13351386                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1566                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12814519                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8081                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1065503                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2575173                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24342136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19737527     81.08%     81.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1407866      5.78%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1138149      4.68%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       490797      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       613512      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       580839      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       330683      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26481      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16282      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24342136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32114     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       246076     86.25%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7123      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8043987     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       111893      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          766      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3069853     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1588020     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12814519                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.477508                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285313                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022265                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50264568                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14418823                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12702804                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13099832                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23066                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       128313                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          369                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10967                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       207811                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2555634                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25112                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13352966                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3153084                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1592477                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          794                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15387                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          369                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55671                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58383                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       114054                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12723800                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3059727                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        90719                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            4647567                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1666678                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1587840                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.474127                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12703241                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12702804                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6865894                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        13565827                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.473345                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10310101                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12115717                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1238645                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1547                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        99429                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24134325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19722108     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1624877      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       756735      3.14%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       743734      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       205392      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       850179      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        64672      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47351      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119277      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24134325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10310101                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12115717                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              4606273                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             3024768                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               772                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1599854                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        10773863                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       117342                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       119277                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           37369371                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          26916582                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                415077                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2494110                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10310101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12115717                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10310101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.602908                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.602908                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.384186                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.384186                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       62889859                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      14761133                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      15927202                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1544                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2070272                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693936                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204696                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       871736                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815366                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214062                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9329                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19964250                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11570056                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2070272                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1029428                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2416279                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        557884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1061803                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1223035                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204702                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23792892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21376613     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         112460      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         179163      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         242064      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         249348      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         211120      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         118743      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         175232      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1128149      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23792892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077145                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.431135                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19759706                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1268354                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2411732                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2795                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       350300                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       340491                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14201020                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       350300                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19813880                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        174098                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       969064                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2360989                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       124556                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14195190                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        18294                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        53461                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     19807262                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     66033266                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     66033266                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     17158955                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2648294                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3551                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1859                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          371982                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1332613                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       718898                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8459                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       211965                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14178015                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3559                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        13464493                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1984                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1572010                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3758141                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23792892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18063003     75.92%     75.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2383538     10.02%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1200129      5.04%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       879369      3.70%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       696635      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284126      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179857      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93602      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12633      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23792892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2525     11.18%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8240     36.49%     47.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11814     52.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11324882     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200032      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1688      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221534      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716357      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     13464493                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.501728                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22579                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50746440                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15753641                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13257133                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13487072                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26998                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217675                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9588                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       350300                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        144607                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12002                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14181598                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1505                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1332613                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718898                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10039                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118810                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114594                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       233404                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13273646                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147608                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190846                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1863906                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1886149                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           716298                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.494616                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13257246                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13257133                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7610227                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        20513136                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.494001                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.370993                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10003283                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12309394                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1872201                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       207024                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23442592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18364726     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2529186     10.79%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943970      4.03%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450799      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397016      1.69%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218672      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180554      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86229      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271440      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23442592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10003283                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12309394                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1824248                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1114938                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1775143                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11090612                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       253531                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       271440                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           37352682                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          28713509                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                304798                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3043354                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10003283                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12309394                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10003283                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.682744                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.682744                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.372753                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.372753                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       59742983                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      18467376                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13159794                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2318155                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1930015                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212644                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       912725                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847878                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249484                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9975                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20191930                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12719559                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2318155                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1097362                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2651473                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        591043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1897820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1255101                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203235                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     25120627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       22469154     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         162348      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         204978      0.82%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         327091      1.30%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         137363      0.55%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         175110      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         204996      0.82%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          94128      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1345459      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     25120627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086381                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.473969                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20076399                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2027908                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2638876                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1244                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       376193                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       352608                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     15544930                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1639                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       376193                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20096879                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         64924                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1906757                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2619610                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        56258                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     15448805                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         8159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        39175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     21579335                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     71842503                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     71842503                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     18046804                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3532522                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3762                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1971                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          198689                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1446951                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       756081                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8211                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       170478                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         15084225                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3777                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14467963                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15205                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1836944                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3749393                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          164                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25120627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18988922     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2797653     11.14%     86.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1142764      4.55%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641108      2.55%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       867624      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267310      1.06%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263419      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140718      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11109      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25120627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100183     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13401     10.59%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12953     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12187563     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197825      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1790      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1327431      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       753354      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14467963                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.539120                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126537                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54198295                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16925039                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14090387                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14594500                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10497                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273816                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           95                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10495                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       376193                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         49658                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6530                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15088007                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1446951                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       756081                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1972                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5706                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           95                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126030                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118651                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       244681                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14216273                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305374                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251690                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2058631                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2010402                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           753257                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.529741                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             14090475                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            14090387                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8440956                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        22673163                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.525051                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372288                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10499594                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12938028                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2150034                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       214239                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24744434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19267531     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2775552     11.22%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008302      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501843      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459320      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193291      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190576      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91000      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257019      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24744434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10499594                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12938028                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1918717                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1173131                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1875309                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11648464                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       267167                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       257019                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           39575399                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          30552338                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                308424                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1715619                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10499594                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12938028                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10499594                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.555932                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.555932                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.391247                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.391247                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       63966620                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      19690696                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14378156                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1822610                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1644041                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97465                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       688377                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         648887                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100127                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4245                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19313156                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11456895                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1822610                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       749014                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2263739                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        308077                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      2564480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1109815                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97682                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     24352366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.551946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.854770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       22088627     90.70%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          80134      0.33%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         165268      0.68%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          69580      0.29%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         374335      1.54%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         334943      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          64806      0.27%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         136487      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1038186      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     24352366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067916                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.426919                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19113141                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2768834                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2255050                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         7397                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       207939                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       160298                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13431976                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1513                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       207939                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19139927                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2563214                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       115413                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2238548                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        87318                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13423438                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           45                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        43613                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        29083                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1195                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     15772783                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     63212468                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     63212468                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     13944037                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        1828738                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1568                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          797                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          205088                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3161404                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1597667                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14419                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        77572                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13395327                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1573                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12859339                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7907                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1063999                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2566981                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24352366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.318353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19730953     81.02%     81.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1411914      5.80%     86.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1143515      4.70%     91.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       493828      2.03%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       615686      2.53%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       581836      2.39%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       331785      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26515      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16334      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24352366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32353     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       246391     86.17%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7179      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8073505     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       112427      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          770      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3079425     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1593212     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12859339                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.479178                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285923                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022235                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50364874                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14461265                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12748264                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13145262                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23141                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       127082                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           52                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          367                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11069                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       207939                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2497804                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25631                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13396917                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          160                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3161404                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1597667                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          797                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15827                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          367                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55755                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58154                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       113909                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12769070                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3069457                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        90269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            4662478                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1672818                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1593021                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.475814                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12748703                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12748264                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         6890659                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        13612944                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.475039                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506184                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10346755                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12159083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1239273                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1555                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        99387                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24144427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322277                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19716455     81.66%     81.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1630117      6.75%     88.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       759856      3.15%     91.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       746744      3.09%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       206354      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       852727      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        64954      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47513      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119707      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24144427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10346755                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12159083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              4620920                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             3034322                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               776                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1605662                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10812510                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       117836                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       119707                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37423037                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          27004687                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                415771                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2483880                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10346755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12159083                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10346755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.593687                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.593687                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.385552                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.385552                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       63112718                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      14814997                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      15981389                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1552                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2319903                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1931492                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212817                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       913388                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         848518                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249664                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9979                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20206791                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12729005                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2319903                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1098182                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2653439                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        591507                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1881653                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles          129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           71                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1256028                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203398                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     25118842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622750                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.984685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       22465403     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         162459      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         205131      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         327339      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         137464      0.55%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         175236      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         205160      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          94184      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1346466      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     25118842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.086447                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.474321                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       20088471                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      2011800                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2640835                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1244                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       376485                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       352861                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     15556512                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1639                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       376485                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20108963                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         64913                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1890632                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2621557                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        56286                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     15460315                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         8160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        39198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     21595411                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     71896065                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     71896065                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     18060180                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3535204                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3764                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1972                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          198806                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1448008                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       756633                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8213                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       170620                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         15095450                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3778                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        14478752                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15230                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1838321                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3752026                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          165                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25118842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18982551     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2799721     11.15%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1143625      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641559      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       868299      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267619      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263580      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140771      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11117      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25118842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100234     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13410     10.59%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12956     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12196657     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197987      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1328412      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       753905      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     14478752                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.539522                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126600                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008744                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54218174                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16937642                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14100887                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     14605352                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10499                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       274005                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           95                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10500                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       376485                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         49655                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6530                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15099233                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11477                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1448008                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       756633                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1973                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5706                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           95                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126140                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118748                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       244888                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14226858                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1306333                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251892                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2060141                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        2011918                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           753808                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.530136                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             14100975                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            14100887                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8447202                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        22690147                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.525442                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372285                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10507357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12947649                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2151629                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       214411                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24742357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19261375     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2777594     11.23%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1009109      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       502196      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459649      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193439      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190707      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91088      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257200      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24742357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10507357                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12947649                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1920136                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1174003                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1876732                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11657098                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       267367                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       257200                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           39584357                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          30575069                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                308626                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1717404                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10507357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12947649                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10507357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.554043                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.554043                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.391536                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.391536                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       64014186                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      19705356                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      14388801                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1888730                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1544800                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186495                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       779413                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         741361                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193535                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8312                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18312510                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10721231                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1888730                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       934896                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2244360                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        544376                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       884327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1128127                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       187474                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     21795030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       19550670     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         121976      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         191243      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         304668      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         126412      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         141701      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         151152      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          98509      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1108699      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     21795030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070380                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399506                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       18138077                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1060502                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2237141                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         5771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       353535                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       309258                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13087974                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1633                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       353535                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       18167153                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        223295                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       753183                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2214351                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        83509                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13077806                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         2543                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        22585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        30904                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6096                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     18153819                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     60830357                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     60830357                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     15445676                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2708113                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1897                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          247357                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1247654                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       669815                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20086                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       153610                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13056870                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3403                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12338744                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16314                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1683984                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3783818                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          387                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21795030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16590718     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2090460      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1140913      5.23%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       779479      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       728249      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       208074      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       163450      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55541      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38146      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21795030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2911     12.71%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8793     38.40%     51.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11196     48.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10335697     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195305      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1493      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1141055      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665194      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12338744                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.459779                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22900                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001856                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46511725                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14744405                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12137371                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12361644                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37041                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       228239                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21714                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          793                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       353535                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        150107                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11490                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13060308                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5433                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1247654                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       669815                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1896                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8556                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          152                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107721                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       107292                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       215013                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12161272                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1072930                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       177465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  35                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1737783                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1710721                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           664853                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.453166                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12137574                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12137371                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7097967                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        18540184                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.452275                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9072776                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11120612                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1939732                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3016                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       190188                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21441495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16924817     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2188274     10.21%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       852036      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       459243      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       342144      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191409      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119064      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105532      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258976      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21441495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9072776                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11120612                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1667512                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1019411                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1504                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1596235                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10020503                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       225880                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       258976                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           34242798                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          26474275                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                298695                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               5041216                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9072776                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11120612                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9072776                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.957887                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.957887                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.338079                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.338079                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       54837700                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16825328                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12207231                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3014                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         1234                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.517862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         159273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         3282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        48.529250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.361599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.039883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   551.032460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1441.083920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.013691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.269059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.703654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  2838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   2853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2851                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  2853                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                1235                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016246894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1078574269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016246894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1078574269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016246894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1078574269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              4073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               4088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              4088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848286.222037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873339.489069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848286.222037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 873339.489069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848286.222037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 873339.489069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            1234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911041286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    970118628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911041286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    970118628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911041286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    970118628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761103.831245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786157.721232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761103.831245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786157.721232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761103.831245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786157.721232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          961                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.500431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         183070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         3007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        60.881277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.500431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    29.015804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   446.134158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1533.850037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.014168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.217839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.748950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  2907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            920                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 920                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   2921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2919                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  2921                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          926                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 961                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86256996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    745711993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     831968989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86256996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    745711993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      831968989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86256996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    745711993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     831968989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              3868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          920                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             920                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               3882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              3882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.241712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.240832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.240832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2464485.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 805304.528078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865732.558793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2464485.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 805304.528078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 865732.558793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2464485.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 805304.528078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 865732.558793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83183298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    664387296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    747570594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83183298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    664387296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    747570594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83183298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    664387296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    747570594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.241712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.240832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.240832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2376665.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 717480.881210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777909.046826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2376665.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 717480.881210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777909.046826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2376665.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 717480.881210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777909.046826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         3427                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.930454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         155064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         5475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        28.322192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.275963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    15.431276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1197.184598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         831.038618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.007535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.584563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.405781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  4179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   4181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4180                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  4181                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                3420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 3427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                3427                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68412752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3216140922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3284553674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8809180                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8809180                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68412752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3224950102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     3293362854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68412752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3224950102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    3293362854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              7599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               7608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              7608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.450059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.450447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.450447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1900354.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 950396.253546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 960395.811111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1258454.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1258454.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1900354.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 951032.173990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961004.626204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1900354.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 951032.173990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961004.626204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                605                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     605                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            3427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           3427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65251952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2919025722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2984277674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8194580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8194580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65251952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2927220302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2992472254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65251952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2927220302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2992472254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1812554.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 862596.253546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872595.811111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1170654.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1170654.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1812554.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 863232.173990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873204.626204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1812554.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 863232.173990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873204.626204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1905                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.497277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         181253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        45.875221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          45.963492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.993490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   845.462539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1136.077755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.009762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.412824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.554725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1905                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1905                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3541                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3542                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1869                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1904                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75323131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1608360449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1683683580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2169270                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2169270                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75323131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1610529719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1685852850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75323131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1610529719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1685852850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              5428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1905                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1905                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               5446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              5446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2152089.457143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 861929.501072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885683.103630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       723090                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       723090                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2152089.457143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 861706.644730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 885426.917017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2152089.457143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 861706.644730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 885426.917017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               1079                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    1079                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72249290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1444480590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1516729880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1905870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1905870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72249290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1446386460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1518635750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72249290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1446386460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1518635750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2064265.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 774105.353698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797858.958443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       635290                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       635290                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2064265.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 773882.536116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797602.809874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2064265.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 773882.536116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797602.809874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1236                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.518931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         159284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        48.503045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.362660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    27.878653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   552.041446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1440.236173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.013613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.269551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.703240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  2846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            912                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 912                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   2861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2859                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  2861                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1201                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1237                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60882297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    992198458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1053080755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60882297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    992198458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1053080755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60882297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    992198458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1053080755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              4083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          912                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             912                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               4098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              4098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.295813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.295813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1691174.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 826143.595337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851318.314470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1691174.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 826143.595337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 851318.314470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1691174.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 826143.595337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 851318.314470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57721497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    885819658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    943541155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57721497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    885819658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    943541155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57721497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    885819658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    943541155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.295567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.295567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1603374.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 738183.048333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763382.811489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1603374.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 738183.048333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763382.811489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1603374.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 738183.048333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763382.811489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1235                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.518878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         159281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        48.516905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.362843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.030211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   551.294863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1440.830960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.013687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.269187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.703531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  2844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   2859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2857                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  2859                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1199                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1236                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69901224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    996150428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1066051652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69901224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    996150428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1066051652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69901224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    996150428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1066051652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              4080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               4095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              4095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.296709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.295611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.295611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1889222.270270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 830817.704754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862501.336570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1889222.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 830817.704754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 862501.336570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1889222.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 830817.704754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 862501.336570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     66652624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    889960228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    956612852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     66652624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    889960228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    956612852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     66652624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    889960228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    956612852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.296461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.295365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.295365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1801422.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 742871.642738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774585.305263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1801422.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 742871.642738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774585.305263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1801422.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 742871.642738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774585.305263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          967                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.431038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         183068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        60.779548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.431038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    29.291431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   446.200987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1533.507581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.014302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.217872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.748783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  2910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   2927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2925                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  2927                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          930                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 967                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    101238451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    766615859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     867854310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    101238451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    766615859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      867854310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    101238451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    766615859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     867854310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              3877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               3894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              3894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.242314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.249420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.241245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.241245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2736174.351351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 824318.127957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 897470.847983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2736174.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 824318.127957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 897470.847983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2736174.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 824318.127957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 897470.847983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     97987955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    684923367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    782911322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     97987955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    684923367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    782911322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     97987955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    684923367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    782911322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.242314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.241245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.241245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2648323.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 736476.738710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809629.081696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2648323.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 736476.738710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809629.081696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2648323.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 736476.738710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809629.081696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1889                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.498790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         181267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        46.065311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.284756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    20.013592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   843.078014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1138.122428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.009772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.411659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.555724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3547                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3548                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1855                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1889                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     78847392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1569301197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1648148589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2161857                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2161857                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     78847392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1571463054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1650310446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     78847392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1571463054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1650310446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              5419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               5437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              5437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.343982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.343391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.343391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2319040.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 847354.857991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873885.784199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       720619                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       720619                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2319040.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 847149.894340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 873642.374801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2319040.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 847149.894340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 873642.374801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               1078                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    1078                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     75860339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1406771074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1482631413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1898457                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1898457                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     75860339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1408669531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484529870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     75860339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1408669531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484529870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.343982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.343391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.343391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2231186.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 759595.612311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786124.821315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       632819                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       632819                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2231186.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 759390.582749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 785881.349921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2231186.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 759390.582749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 785881.349921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1881                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.492920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         181254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        46.155844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.312166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    20.361204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   838.527760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1142.291790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.009942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.409437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.557760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3535                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3536                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1843                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1879                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66654647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1605041476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1671696123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2233426                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2233426                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66654647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1607274902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1673929549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66654647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1607274902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1673929549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              5397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               5415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              5415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.342692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.342692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1851517.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 872305.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 891096.014392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 744475.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 744475.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1851517.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 872097.071080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 890861.920703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1851517.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 872097.071080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 890861.920703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               1073                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    1073                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63493847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1443471423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1506965270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1970026                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1970026                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63493847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1445441449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1508935296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63493847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1445441449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1508935296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.342692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.342692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1763717.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 784495.338587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803286.391258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 656675.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 656675.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1763717.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 784287.275638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803052.312932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1763717.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 784287.275638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803052.312932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         1888                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.497110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         181268                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         3934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        46.077275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.393697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.308009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   838.384392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1141.411012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.010404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.409367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.557330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3548                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3549                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                1884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 1887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1850                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                1887                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76546546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1583026591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1659573137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2194209                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2194209                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76546546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1585220800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1661767346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76546546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1585220800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1661767346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              5418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               5436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              5436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2068825.567568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 857079.908500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 880877.461253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       731403                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       731403                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2068825.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 856876.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 880639.822999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2068825.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 856876.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 880639.822999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               1080                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    1080                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            1887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           1887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73288644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1420199191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1493487835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1929309                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1929309                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73288644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1422128500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1495417144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73288644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1422128500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1495417144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1980774.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 768922.139145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792721.780786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       643103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       643103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1980774.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 768718.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792483.913090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1980774.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 768718.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792483.913090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         3427                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.925787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         155049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         5475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        28.319452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.161584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.687842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1198.330438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         830.745923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.007172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.585122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.405638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  4172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1311                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                1311                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   4173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4172                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  4173                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                3419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 3427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3391                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                3427                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73737076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3251490032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3325227108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8963886                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8963886                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73737076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3260453918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     3334190994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73737076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3260453918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    3334190994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              7591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1311                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            1311                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               7600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              7600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.447842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.450402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.448367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.450921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.448367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.450921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2048252.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 961126.228791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 972573.006142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1120485.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1120485.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2048252.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 961502.187555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 972918.294135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2048252.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 961502.187555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 972918.294135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                606                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     606                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            3427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           3427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70576276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2954462632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3025038908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8261486                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8261486                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70576276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2962724118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3033300394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70576276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2962724118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3033300394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.447842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.448367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.448367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1960452.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 873326.228791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 884773.006142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1032685.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1032685.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1960452.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 873702.187555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 885118.294135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1960452.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 873702.187555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 885118.294135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1234                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.520336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         159274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        48.529555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.364760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.037342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   550.457599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1441.660634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.013690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.268778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.703936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  2839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   2854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2852                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  2854                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1235                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58498660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1012757475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1071256135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58498660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1012757475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1071256135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58498660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1012757475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1071256135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              4074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               4089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              4089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.296902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.295802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.295802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1581044.864865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 845373.518364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 867413.874494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1581044.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 845373.518364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 867413.874494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1581044.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 845373.518364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 867413.874494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55249223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    907524502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    962773725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55249223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    907524502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    962773725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55249223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    907524502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    962773725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.296654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.295556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.295556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1493222.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 758165.832916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780205.611831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1493222.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 758165.832916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780205.611831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1493222.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 758165.832916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780205.611831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          967                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.427892                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         183070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        60.780212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.427892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    29.288913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   446.577413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1533.133675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.014301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.218055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.748600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  2912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   2929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2927                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  2929                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          930                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 967                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98262546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    755994130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     854256676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98262546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    755994130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      854256676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98262546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    755994130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     854256676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              3879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               3896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              3896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.242188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.249291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2655744.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 812896.913978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883409.178904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2655744.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 812896.913978                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 883409.178904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2655744.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 812896.913978                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 883409.178904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     95013946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    674332701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    769346647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     95013946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    674332701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    769346647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     95013946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    674332701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    769346647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.242188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2567944.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 725088.925806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795601.496381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2567944.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 725088.925806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795601.496381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2567944.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 725088.925806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795601.496381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         3440                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.927070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         155053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         5488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        28.253098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.072668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.560972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1201.761852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         827.531578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.007110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.586798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.404068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  4172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1315                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                1315                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   4173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4172                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  4173                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                3432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 3440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3406                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                3440                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68694684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3195504525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3264199209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7851956                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7851956                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68694684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3203356481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     3272051165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68694684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3203356481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    3272051165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              7604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1315                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            1315                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               7613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              7613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.448936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.451341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.449459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.451859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.449459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.451859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2020431.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 940407.452913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951106.995629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 981494.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 981494.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2020431.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 940503.958015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 951177.664244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2020431.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 940503.958015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 951177.664244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                609                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     609                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            3440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           3440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65708613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2897118877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2962827490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7149556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7149556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65708613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2904268433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2969977046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65708613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2904268433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2969977046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.448936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.449459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.449459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1932606.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 852595.314008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863294.723193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 893694.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 893694.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1932606.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 852691.847622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863365.420349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1932606.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 852691.847622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863365.420349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          967                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.427910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         183070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         3012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        60.780212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.427910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.288311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   446.683435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1533.028254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.014301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.218107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.748549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  2912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   2929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2927                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  2929                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          930                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 967                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97400519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    747826112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     845226631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97400519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    747826112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      845226631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97400519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    747826112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     845226631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              3879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               3896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              3896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.242188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.249291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.241120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.241120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2632446.459459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 804114.098925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 874070.973113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2632446.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 804114.098925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 874070.973113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2632446.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 804114.098925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 874070.973113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94150866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    666148606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    760299472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94150866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    666148606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    760299472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94150866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    666148606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    760299472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.242188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.241120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.241120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2544618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 716288.823656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786245.576008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2544618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 716288.823656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786245.576008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2544618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 716288.823656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786245.576008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         2990                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.543349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         124008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         5038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        24.614530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.081321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.451944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   878.981856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1133.028229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.011451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.429190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.553236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            753                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 753                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3699                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3700                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 2990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2953                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                2990                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79401823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2742701865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2822103688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9483406                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9483406                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79401823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2752185271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     2831587094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79401823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2752185271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    2831587094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              6675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          753                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             753                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               6690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              6690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.447191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.443927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.446936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.443927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.446936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2145995.216216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 930360.198440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945428.371189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1896681.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1896681.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2145995.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 931996.366746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 947019.094983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2145995.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 931996.366746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 947019.094983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                468                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     468                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            2990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           2990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76152348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2483821086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2559973434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9044406                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9044406                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76152348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2492865492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2569017840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76152348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2492865492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2569017840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.443927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.443927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2058171.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 842544.466079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857612.540704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1808881.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1808881.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2058171.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844180.661023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859203.290970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2058171.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844180.661023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859203.290970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.723346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001230683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1947919.616732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    31.723346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.050839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1222587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1222587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              152643158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35457.179559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   221.102764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    34.897236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.863683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.136317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       839524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4397946906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4397946906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6631824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6631824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4404578730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4404578730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4404578730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4404578730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       852393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 341747.370114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341747.370114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78950.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78950.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340043.135181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340043.135181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340043.135181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340043.135181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1210809069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1210809069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       971571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1211780640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211780640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1211780640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211780640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 300150.983887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 300150.983887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64771.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64771.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 299278.992344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299278.992344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 299278.992344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299278.992344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              486.794151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1004355750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2041373.475610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    31.794151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.050952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1256310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1256310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1256310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1256310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1256310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1256310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    128289194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    128289194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    128289194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    128289194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    128289194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    128289194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1256363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1256363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1256363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1256363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1256363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1256363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2420550.830189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2420550.830189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2420550.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2420550.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2420550.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2420550.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       577028                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       577028                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86682093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86682093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86682093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86682093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86682093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86682093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2342759.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2342759.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2342759.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2342759.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2342759.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2342759.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 3845                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              148982273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             36328.279200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   219.765472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    36.234528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.858459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.141541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       999864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       742554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       742554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1969                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1969                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1742418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1742418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1742418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1742418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           52                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           52                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         9846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         9846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2227193463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2227193463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4372809                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4372809                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2231566272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2231566272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2231566272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2231566272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1009658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       742606                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742606                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1969                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1969                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1752264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1752264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1752264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1752264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000070                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000070                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 227403.865938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227403.865938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84092.480769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84092.480769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 226646.990859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226646.990859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 226646.990859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226646.990859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         6001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         6001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    942541495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    942541495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       958972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       958972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    943500467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    943500467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    943500467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    943500467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 246030.147481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246030.147481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        68498                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        68498                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 245383.736541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245383.736541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 245383.736541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245383.736541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              572.452850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1032064831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1779422.122414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.322825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.130024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.050197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.867196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1108066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1108066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1108066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1108066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1108066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     91455666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91455666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     91455666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91455666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     91455666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91455666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1108118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1108118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1108118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1108118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1108118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1108118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1758762.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1758762.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1758762.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1758762.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1758762.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1758762.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1167350                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       583675                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68795295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68795295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68795295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68795295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68795295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68795295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1859332.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859332.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1859332.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859332.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1859332.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859332.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 7571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              406612924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 7827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             51950.035007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   110.966544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   145.033456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.433463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.566537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2890430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2890430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1582464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1582464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4472894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        4472894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4472894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       4472894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        27595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        27595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13378594619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13378594619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     29631466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29631466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13408226085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13408226085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13408226085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13408226085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2917995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2917995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1582494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1582494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4500489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4500489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4500489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4500489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 485347.165572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 485347.165572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 987715.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 987715.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 485893.317086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 485893.317086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 485893.317086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 485893.317086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20024                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20024                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3529730126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3529730126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9007300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9007300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3538737426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3538737426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3538737426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3538737426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 466772.034647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 466772.034647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1000811.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1000811.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 467406.871747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 467406.871747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 467406.871747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 467406.871747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              509.634988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1002477449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1935284.650579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    27.634988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.044287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1153298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1153298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1153298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1153298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1153298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1153298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127993383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    127993383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127993383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    127993383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127993383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    127993383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1153352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1153352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1153352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1153352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1153352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1153352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2370247.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2370247.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2370247.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2370247.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2370247.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2370247.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75689007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75689007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75689007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75689007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75689007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75689007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2102472.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102472.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2102472.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102472.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2102472.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102472.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5410                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              158488286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5666                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             27971.811860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   226.514686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    29.485314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.884823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.115177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       812409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        812409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       684608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       684608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1573                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1573                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1497017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1497017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1497017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1497017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          649                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          649                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        19162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        19162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7998606787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7998606787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    446887933                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    446887933                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8445494720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8445494720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8445494720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8445494720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       830922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       830922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       685257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       685257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1573                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1573                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1516179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1516179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1516179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1516179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 432053.518446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 432053.518446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 688579.249615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 688579.249615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 440741.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440741.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 440741.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440741.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6628192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 662819.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1855747887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1855747887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3160572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3160572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1858908459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1858908459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1858908459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1858908459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 344166.892990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344166.892990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 175587.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175587.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343605.999815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343605.999815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343605.999815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343605.999815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              506.578635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1001233100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1951721.442495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    31.578635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.050607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1225004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1225004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1225004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1225004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1225004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1225004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77220701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77220701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77220701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77220701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77220701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77220701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1225053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1225053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1225053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1225053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1225053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1225053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1575932.673469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1575932.673469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1575932.673469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1575932.673469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1575932.673469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1575932.673469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61312770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61312770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61312770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61312770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61312770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61312770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1613493.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1613493.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1613493.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1613493.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1613493.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1613493.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4060                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              152646422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             35367.567655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   221.153661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    34.846339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.863881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.136119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       841153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        841153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       707331                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707331                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1701                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1701                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1548484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1548484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1548484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1548484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        12998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        12998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4293647781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4293647781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6749583                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6749583                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4300397364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4300397364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4300397364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4300397364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       854067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       854067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       707415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1701                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1701                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1561482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1561482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1561482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1561482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 332480.082159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 332480.082159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 80352.178571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80352.178571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 330850.697338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 330850.697338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 330850.697338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 330850.697338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          912                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             912                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8938                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8938                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1187336973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1187336973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       971651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1188308624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1188308624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1188308624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1188308624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 293532.008158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293532.008158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64776.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64776.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 292686.853202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292686.853202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 292686.853202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292686.853202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              506.724521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1001232805                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1947923.745136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    31.724521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.050841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1224709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1224709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1224709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1224709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1224709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1224709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     88609818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88609818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     88609818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88609818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     88609818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88609818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1224760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1224760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1224760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1224760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1224760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1224760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1737447.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1737447.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1737447.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1737447.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1737447.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1737447.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70370586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70370586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70370586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70370586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70370586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70370586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1804374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1804374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1804374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1804374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1804374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1804374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4056                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              152645901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35400.255334                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   221.108019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    34.891981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.863703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.136297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       840997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       706972                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706972                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1547969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1547969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1547969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1547969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        12972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        12972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4345104240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4345104240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      6639772                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6639772                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4351744012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4351744012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4351744012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4351744012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       853885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       853885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       707056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1560941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1560941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1560941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1560941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 337143.407821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337143.407821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 79044.904762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79044.904762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 335472.094665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335472.094665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 335472.094665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335472.094665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1191083627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1191083627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       971828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1192055455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1192055455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1192055455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1192055455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 294749.722098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294749.722098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64788.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64788.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 293899.273915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293899.273915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 293899.273915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293899.273915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              487.183052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1004353522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2033104.295547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    32.183052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.051575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1254082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1254082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1254082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1254082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1254082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1254082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    154589245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154589245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    154589245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    154589245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    154589245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    154589245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1254139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1254139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1254139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1254139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1254139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1254139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2712092.017544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2712092.017544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2712092.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2712092.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2712092.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2712092.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1257060                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       314265                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    101676507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101676507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    101676507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101676507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    101676507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101676507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2607089.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2607089.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2607089.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2607089.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2607089.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2607089.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 3855                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              148980205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             36239.407687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   219.734844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    36.265156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.858339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.141661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       999096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       741288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1740384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1740384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1740384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1740384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         9852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         9852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2271834207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2271834207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5788604                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5788604                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2277622811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2277622811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2277622811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2277622811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1008881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       741355                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741355                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1750236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1750236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1750236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1750236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 232175.187225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 232175.187225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86397.074627                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86397.074627                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 231183.801360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 231183.801360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 231183.801360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 231183.801360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    963632763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    963632763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1179858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1179858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    964812621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    964812621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    964812621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    964812621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 251076.801199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251076.801199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69403.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69403.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 250275.647471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250275.647471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 250275.647471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250275.647471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              509.841706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1002480611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1939034.063830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    27.841706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.044618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1156460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1156460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1156460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1156460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1156460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1156460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    121693976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    121693976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    121693976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    121693976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    121693976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    121693976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1156508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1156508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1156508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1156508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1156508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1156508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2535291.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2535291.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2535291.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2535291.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2535291.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2535291.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     79217001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79217001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     79217001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79217001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     79217001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79217001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2263342.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2263342.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2263342.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2263342.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2263342.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2263342.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              158491030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             28021.752122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   226.454393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    29.545607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.884587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.115413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       814038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        814038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       685775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1499813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1499813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1499813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1499813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          633                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          633                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        18998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        18998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7679061205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7679061205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    406646131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    406646131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8085707336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8085707336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8085707336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8085707336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       832403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       832403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       686408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1518811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1518811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1518811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1518811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.022063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 418135.649605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418135.649605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 642410.949447                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 642410.949447                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 425608.344878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425608.344878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 425608.344878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425608.344878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5857963                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 650884.777778                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1815720868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1815720868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3158655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3158655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1818879523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1818879523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1818879523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1818879523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 337243.846211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337243.846211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 175480.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175480.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 336704.835802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336704.835802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 336704.835802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336704.835802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              509.462268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1002479267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1931559.281310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    27.462268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.044010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1155116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1155116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1155116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1155116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1155116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1155116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96654744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96654744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96654744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96654744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96654744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96654744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1155166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1155166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1155166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1155166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1155166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1155166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1933094.880000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1933094.880000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1933094.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1933094.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1933094.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1933094.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67042787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67042787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67042787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67042787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67042787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67042787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1811967.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1811967.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1811967.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1811967.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1811967.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1811967.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5378                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              158490497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             28131.078630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   226.971449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    29.028551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.886607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.113393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       813073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        813073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       686201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       686201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1606                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1606                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1499274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1499274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1499274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1499274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          620                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          620                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        19101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19101                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        19101                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7928036029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7928036029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    393591487                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    393591487                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8321627516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8321627516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8321627516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8321627516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       831554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       831554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       686821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1606                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1606                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1518375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1518375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1518375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1518375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000903                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000903                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 428983.065256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 428983.065256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 634824.979032                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 634824.979032                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 435664.494843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435664.494843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 435664.494843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435664.494843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5215935                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 745133.571429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          602                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          602                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13723                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13723                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1851773978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1851773978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3225132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3225132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1854999110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1854999110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1854999110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1854999110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 345480.219776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345480.219776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       179174                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       179174                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 344923.597992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344923.597992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 344923.597992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344923.597992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              510.913214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1002478851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1927843.944231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.913214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.046335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1154700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1154700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1154700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1154700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1154700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1154700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    123086065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123086065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    123086065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    123086065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    123086065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    123086065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1154756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1154756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1154756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1154756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1154756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1154756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2197965.446429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2197965.446429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2197965.446429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2197965.446429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2197965.446429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2197965.446429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76928811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76928811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76928811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76928811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76928811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76928811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2024442.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024442.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2024442.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024442.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2024442.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024442.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              158488046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             28031.136541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   226.482772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    29.517228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.884698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.115302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       812090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        812090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       684682                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       684682                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1496772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1496772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          632                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          632                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19091                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19091                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7840139275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7840139275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    404681307                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    404681307                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8244820582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8244820582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8244820582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8244820582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       830549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       830549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       685314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       685314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1515863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1515863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1515863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1515863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 424732.611463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424732.611463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 640318.523734                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 640318.523734                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 431869.497774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431869.497774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 431869.497774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431869.497774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7322370                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       732237                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1830756464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1830756464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3185918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3185918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1833942382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1833942382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1833942382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1833942382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 340289.305576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340289.305576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 176995.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176995.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 339744.791034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339744.791034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 339744.791034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339744.791034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              571.505982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1032063515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1779419.853448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.480484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.025498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.048847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1106750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1106750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1106750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1106750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1106750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1106750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97999595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97999595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97999595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97999595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97999595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97999595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1106801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1106801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1106801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1106801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1106801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1106801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1921560.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1921560.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1921560.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1921560.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1921560.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1921560.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1167293                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 583646.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     74123419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74123419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     74123419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74123419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     74123419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74123419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2003335.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2003335.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2003335.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2003335.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2003335.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2003335.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 7563                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              406606201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 7819                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             52002.327791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   110.969396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   145.030604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.433474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.566526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2886272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2886272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1579904                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1579904                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4466176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        4466176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4466176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       4466176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        27603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        27603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13484013666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13484013666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     31276038                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31276038                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13515289704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13515289704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13515289704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13515289704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2913845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2913845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1579934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1579934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          772                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          772                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4493779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4493779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4493779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4493779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 489029.618322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489029.618322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1042534.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1042534.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 489631.188784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 489631.188784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 489631.188784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 489631.188784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20040                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20040                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3564650091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3564650091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9094494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9094494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3573744585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3573744585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3573744585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3573744585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 471889.077442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 471889.077442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1010499.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1010499.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472530.025783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472530.025783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472530.025783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472530.025783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              506.715159                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1001231080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1947920.389105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    31.715159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.050826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1222984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1222984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1222984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1222984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1222984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73572441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73572441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73572441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73572441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73572441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73572441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1223035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1223035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1223035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1442596.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1442596.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1442596.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1442596.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1442596.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1442596.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58978048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58978048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58978048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58978048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58978048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58978048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1512257.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1512257.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1512257.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1512257.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1512257.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1512257.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4050                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              152643705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             35449.072225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   221.109733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    34.890267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.863710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.136290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       839812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       705965                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705965                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1545777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1545777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        12957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        12957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4430005972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4430005972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6629512                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6629512                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4436635484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4436635484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4436635484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4436635484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       852685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       706049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1558734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1558734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 344131.591082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 344131.591082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 78922.761905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78922.761905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 342412.246971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 342412.246971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 342412.246971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 342412.246971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1207346876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1207346876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       971653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1208318529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1208318529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1208318529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1208318529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 299218.556629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299218.556629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64776.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64776.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 298350.254074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298350.254074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 298350.254074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298350.254074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              487.185105                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1004354480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2033106.234818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    32.185105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.051579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1255040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1255040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1255040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1255040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1255040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    148419549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148419549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    148419549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    148419549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    148419549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    148419549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1255098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1255098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1255098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2558957.741379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2558957.741379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2558957.741379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2558957.741379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2558957.741379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2558957.741379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1254810                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 313702.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98699879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98699879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98699879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98699879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98699879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98699879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2530766.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2530766.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2530766.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2530766.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2530766.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2530766.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3857                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              148981586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             36222.121566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   219.731196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    36.268804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.858325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.141675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       999891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       741870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1741761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1741761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1741761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1741761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         9857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         9857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2240568071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2240568071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5780097                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5780097                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2246348168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2246348168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2246348168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2246348168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1009681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       741937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1751618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1751618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1751618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1751618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 228862.928601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228862.928601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86270.104478                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86270.104478                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 227893.696662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227893.696662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 227893.696662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227893.696662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6000                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6000                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    953147487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    953147487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1178219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1178219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    954325706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    954325706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    954325706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    954325706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 248215.491406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248215.491406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        69307                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69307                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 247426.939590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247426.939590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 247426.939590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247426.939590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              571.829612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1032066528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1785582.228374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.698936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.130676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.049197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1109763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1109763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1109763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1109763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1109763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1109763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     93144674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93144674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     93144674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93144674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     93144674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93144674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1109813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1109813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1109813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1109813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1109813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1109813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1862893.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1862893.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1862893.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1862893.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1862893.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1862893.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1212634                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 404211.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69060627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69060627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69060627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69060627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69060627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69060627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1973160.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1973160.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1973160.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1973160.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1973160.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1973160.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 7578                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              406620477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 7834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             51904.579653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   110.967299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   145.032701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.433466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.566534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2895455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2895455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1584989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1584989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          781                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          781                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          776                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          776                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4480444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        4480444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4480444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       4480444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        27560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        27560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13223111880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13223111880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     28129302                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28129302                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13251241182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13251241182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13251241182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13251241182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2922985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2922985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1585019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1585019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          781                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          781                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          776                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          776                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4508004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4508004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4508004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4508004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 480316.450418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 480316.450418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 937643.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 937643.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 480814.266401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 480814.266401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 480814.266401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 480814.266401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1315                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1315                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3508579917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3508579917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7982556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7982556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3516562473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3516562473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3516562473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3516562473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 463546.032105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463546.032105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 886950.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 886950.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 464048.887965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 464048.887965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 464048.887965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 464048.887965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              487.186676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1004355409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2033108.115385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    32.186676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.051581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1255969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1255969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1255969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1255969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1255969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    148230988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148230988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    148230988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    148230988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    148230988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    148230988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1256027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1256027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1256027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1256027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1256027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1256027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2555706.689655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2555706.689655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2555706.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2555706.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2555706.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2555706.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       622980                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       207660                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97853701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97853701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97853701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97853701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97853701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97853701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2509069.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2509069.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2509069.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2509069.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2509069.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2509069.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 3857                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              148982859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             36222.431072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   219.721655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    36.278345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.858288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.141712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1000618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1000618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       742416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       742416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1743034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1743034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1743034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1743034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         9858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         9858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2223832818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2223832818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5782486                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5782486                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2229615304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2229615304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2229615304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2229615304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1010409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       742483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1752892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1752892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1752892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1752892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 227130.305178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227130.305178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86305.761194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86305.761194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 226173.189694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226173.189694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 226173.189694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226173.189694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         6001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         6001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    944982214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    944982214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1178438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1178438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    946160652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    946160652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    946160652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    946160652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 246089.118229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246089.118229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 69319.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69319.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 245309.995333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245309.995333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 245309.995333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245309.995333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              522.099567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1006903394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1907014.003788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    32.099567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.051442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1128069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1128069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1128069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1128069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1128069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1128069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    123565578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123565578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    123565578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    123565578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    123565578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    123565578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1128127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1128127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1128127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1128127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1128127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1128127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2130441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2130441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2130441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      2130441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2130441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      2130441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79777794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79777794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79777794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79777794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79777794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79777794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2099415.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099415.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2099415.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099415.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2099415.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099415.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 6652                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              167290914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             24216.982339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   226.785629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    29.214371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.885881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.114119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       780361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        780361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       644964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       644964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1425325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1425325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1425325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1425325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        17529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        17529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7601280159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7601280159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     89255338                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     89255338                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7690535497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7690535497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7690535497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7690535497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       797798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       797798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       645056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       645056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1442854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1442854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1442854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1442854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 435928.207777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435928.207777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 970166.717391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 970166.717391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 438732.129443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438732.129443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 438732.129443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438732.129443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3009732559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3009732559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10165906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10165906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3019898465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3019898465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3019898465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3019898465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 453477.860328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453477.860328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 677727.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677727.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 453983.533524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453983.533524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 453983.533524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453983.533524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
