
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106038                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106038390819                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               632225375583                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 210774                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   265151                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1281091                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67752904                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 82771.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17446183140                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21947095562                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1053312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3561472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      4187648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      4177280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2230016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      4186112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3546240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2227584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1466752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      3549568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2230272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1053184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4177280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      3569792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3561600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      4184192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             49042304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           80000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9530368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9530368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        27824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        32716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        32635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        17422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        32704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        27705                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        17403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        11459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        27731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        17424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         8228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        32635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        27889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        27825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        32689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                383143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           74456                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                74456                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data      9933308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        48284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     33586628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     39491810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        51906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39394034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        43456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21030270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        48284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     39477325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        45870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33442982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21007335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        49492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13832273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     33474367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     21032684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data      9932101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        51906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     39394034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     33665090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        48284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     33587835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39459218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               462495740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        48284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        51906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        43456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        48284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        45870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        49492                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        51906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        48284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49492                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             754444                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          89876581                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               89876581                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          89876581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data      9933308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        48284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     33586628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     39491810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        51906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39394034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        43456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21030270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        48284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     39477325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        45870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33442982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21007335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        49492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13832273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        45870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     33474367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     21032684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data      9932101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        51906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     39394034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        45870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     33665090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        48284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     33587835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        49492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39459218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              552372321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       22060620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18366979                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2002116                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8468346                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8081150                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2374213                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93139                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191893970                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            120995202                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          22060620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10455363                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25227487                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5574389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     17501642                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           92                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        11914384                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1913606                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    238181975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      212954488     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1547630      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1952721      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3094306      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1308168      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1685593      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1950111      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         894211      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12794747      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    238181975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.086754                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.475818                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      190768589                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     18740813                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25107203                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        11804                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3553564                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3358705                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          545                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    147911897                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3553564                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      190962889                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        617925                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles     17581542                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24924706                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       541345                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    146996614                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        77511                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       377790                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    205287437                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    683604694                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    683604694                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171886503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       33400903                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18564                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1904843                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13768422                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7200163                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81173                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634655                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143514360                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35742                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       137728963                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127494                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17333663                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35242840                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1351                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238181975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179820530     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26614827     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10889855      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6097129      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8265961      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2540960      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2500322      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346665      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105726      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238181975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938851     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129352     10.86%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122801     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116029801     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883334      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12620453      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7178328      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    137728963                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.541624                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191004                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    514958398                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160884429                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134142365                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    138919967                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102304                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2596488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100827                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3553564                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        469712                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59457                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143550111                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13768422                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7200163                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18565                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52060                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183158                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126339                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2309497                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135327331                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12415910                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2401631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19593565                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19141123                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7177655                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.532180                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            134142813                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           134142365                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        80386934                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       215922000                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527520                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372296                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20327373                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2019259                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234628411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182475577     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26431906     11.27%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9592265      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4782049      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4375924      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835532      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1817986      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865926      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451246      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234628411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123223305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18271267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11171934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17860911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110941122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2544540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2451246                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          375727141                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290654958                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               2908206                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              16106733                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123223305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.542887                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.542887                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.393254                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.393254                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      608911843                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     187442521                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     136792365                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       17862509                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14605841                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1743944                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7576749                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7067604                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1839162                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77621                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173467524                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            101284530                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          17862509                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      8906766                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            21239108                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5051507                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      8044611                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        10664442                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1755214                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    206020113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      184781005     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1153541      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1822372      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2887084      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1208740      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1359892      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1426262      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         933135      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10448082      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    206020113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070245                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.398305                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      171835004                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      9690306                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        21173012                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        53380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3268409                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      2930274                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          436                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    123689713                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2815                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3268409                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      172088594                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1974987                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      6949213                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        20977501                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       761407                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    123607336                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        41557                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       212299                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       274644                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        62909                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    171583168                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    574997309                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    574997309                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    146646556                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       24936609                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        32123                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17940                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2223770                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     11791441                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6339351                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191149                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1434791                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        123434608                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32218                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       116926806                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       148381                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15472008                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34344846                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3621                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206020113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156670644     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19831368      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10842913      5.26%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7373456      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6887140      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1991818      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1536810      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       526978      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       358986      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206020113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27224     12.65%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82434     38.30%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105579     49.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     97945816     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1845632      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14179      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10816243      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6304936      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    116926806                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.459819                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215237                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    440237343                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138940132                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115058501                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    117142043                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       356814                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2112538                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          350                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1331                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186457                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7285                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           33                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3268409                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1235289                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106974                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123466967                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48058                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11791441                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6339351                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17934                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79366                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1331                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1020310                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       993567                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2013877                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115272555                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10173882                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1654251                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           16477208                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16231520                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6303326                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.453314                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            115059320                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           115058501                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        67270438                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       175686443                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.452472                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382901                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86139678                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    105585240                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17882299                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28597                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1781329                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202751704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159889427     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20754847     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8083867      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4353834      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3262157      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1819904      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1122538      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1003259      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2461871      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202751704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     86139678                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    105585240                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             15831797                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             9678903                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             14268                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15156390                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        95140107                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2144939                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2461871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          323756800                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         250203688                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2809239                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              48268595                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          86139678                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           105585240                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     86139678                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.952051                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.952051                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.338748                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.338748                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      519841649                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     159481524                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     115382944                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        28570                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       17194738                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15515758                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       898474                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6511851                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6149654                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         948244                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39739                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182410833                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            108057239                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          17194738                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      7097898                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            21374215                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       2833841                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     25393488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        10462504                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       902338                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    231091529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      209717314     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         762360      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1557070      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         668122      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        3552136      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3164839      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         612246      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1279773      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        9777669      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    231091529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067619                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.424939                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      180544306                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     27271296                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        21295236                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        68210                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      1912476                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1509194                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          479                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    126707068                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2689                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      1912476                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      180783401                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles      25373894                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1076901                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        21152142                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       792710                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    126638357                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          521                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       406070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       260606                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8105                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    148656538                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    596410516                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    596410516                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    131859139                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       16797376                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        14690                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7414                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1830936                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     29881589                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores     15115196                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138525                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       734665                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        126393815                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14731                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       121485885                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72034                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9785487                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23516860                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           73                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231091529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187474844     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13312985      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10770190      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4656551      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5820697      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5516388      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3135435      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       249983      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154456      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231091529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305557     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2335779     86.20%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68447      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76202816     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1061050      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7274      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29138810     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15075935     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    121485885                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.477748                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2709783                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022305                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476845114                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136197132                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120449728                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    124195668                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       218341                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1160083                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          478                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3106                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97673                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10712                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      1912476                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles      24757690                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       234748                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126408635                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29881589                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15115196                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7413                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       145393                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          118                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3106                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       524324                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       530150                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1054474                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120643444                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29042279                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       842439                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           44116756                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       15808744                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores         15074477                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.474435                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            120452912                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           120449728                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        65064840                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       128429791                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.473673                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.506618                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97871016                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    115014580                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11407649                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14658                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       918171                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229179053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187315783     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15401895      6.72%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7175466      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7059986      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1951252      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8081458      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       613582      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       449043      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1130588      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229179053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     97871016                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    115014580                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             43739022                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            28721502                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              7318                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15188239                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       102275673                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1114051                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1130588                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          354470408                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         254757126                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3915488                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              23197179                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          97871016                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           115014580                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     97871016                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.598202                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.598202                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.384881                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.384881                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      596418669                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     139866931                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     150871939                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        14636                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       17151837                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15476856                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       904120                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7171797                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6151764                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         946233                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40028                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182211271                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            107781184                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          17151837                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      7097997                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            21331619                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       2835847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     25038529                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        10456736                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       908054                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    230490460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      209158841     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         761180      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1559931      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         668335      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        3543850      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3159286      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         619125      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1273503      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        9746409      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    230490460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067450                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.423854                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      180340502                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     26920513                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        21252878                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        68006                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      1908556                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1505071                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          485                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    126398992                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2715                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      1908556                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      180579290                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles      24986819                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1101539                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        21109650                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       804601                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    126327520                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents         5790                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       404124                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       260354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents        22775                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    148294775                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    594944357                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    594944357                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    131550908                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       16743841                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        14666                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7407                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1831695                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     29824835                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     15087019                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138220                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       729390                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        126084973                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14709                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       121254813                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74987                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9704566                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23156530                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           87                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230490460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    186916604     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13328193      5.78%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10765961      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4645462      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5802672      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5499513      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3128468      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       249445      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154142      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230490460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305103     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2329013     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68216      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76061520     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1056791      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7256      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29086310     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15042936     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    121254813                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.476839                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2702332                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022286                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    475777405                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    135807399                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120212696                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    123957145                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       218112                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1167637                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          488                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103237                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10683                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      1908556                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles      24370872                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       234013                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126099773                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1204                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29824835                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15087019                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7409                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       144451                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          150                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       532258                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       527643                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1059901                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120408764                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     28986179                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       846049                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           44027390                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       15776073                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         15041211                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473512                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            120215849                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           120212696                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        64934156                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       128147797                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.472741                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506713                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97645188                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    114748713                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11364213                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14622                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       924048                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228581904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186803000     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15375251      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7166587      3.14%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7041924      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1948815      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8059547      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       612456      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       447807      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1126517      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228581904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     97645188                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    114748713                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             43640965                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            28657189                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              7300                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15153011                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       102039107                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1111357                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1126517                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          353568027                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         254134619                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3916078                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              23798248                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          97645188                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           114748713                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     97645188                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.604211                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.604211                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.383993                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.383993                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      595266951                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     139601100                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     150506847                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        14600                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       18689737                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15328096                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1833911                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7845776                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7304589                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1920775                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82805                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178567084                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            106184957                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          18689737                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9225364                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            23364042                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5200169                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     16818029                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11001934                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1823277                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    222083108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921145                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      198719066     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2534393      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2933690      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1611538      0.73%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1847936      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1027012      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         698928      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1805516      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10905029      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    222083108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073498                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.417576                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      177108192                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     18304476                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        23168278                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       185365                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3316795                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3031709                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        17159                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    129624652                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        85164                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3316795                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      177391687                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       6010989                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     11498600                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23077576                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       787459                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    129545110                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       201339                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       363725                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           18                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    180040428                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    603108159                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    603108159                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    153861054                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       26179369                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        34356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19334                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2108024                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     12380487                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      6735194                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       177137                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1494228                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        129337674                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34443                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       122304358                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       173200                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16053238                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36995571                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4221                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222083108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170536262     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20743115      9.34%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11144718      5.02%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7702789      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6734786      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3444172      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       838464      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537764      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       401038      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222083108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32214     12.25%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       112189     42.65%     54.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118642     45.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102373631     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1910056      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14984      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11317536      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6688151      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    122304358                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.480967                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            263045                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002151                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    467128069                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145426512                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120262027                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    122567403                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       308256                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2185349                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          775                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       138753                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7490                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3824                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3316795                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       5577067                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       134406                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129372232                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62244                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12380487                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6735194                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19348                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        94214                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1066222                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1026660                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2092882                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120492692                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10627624                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1811666                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 115                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           17314330                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       16865240                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          6686706                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.473842                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            120263925                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           120262027                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        71476406                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       187162049                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.472935                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381896                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90351662                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    110850658                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18522833                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30222                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1844508                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218766313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173475967     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21003374      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8801962      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5291650      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3658923      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2367864      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1226137      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       986912      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1953524      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218766313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     90351662                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    110850658                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             16791576                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            10195135                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             15078                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15864667                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        99936313                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2255284                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1953524                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          346185669                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         262063856                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2736379                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              32205600                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          90351662                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           110850658                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     90351662                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.814433                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.814433                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.355311                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.355311                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      543536088                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     166916514                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     120981591                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        30194                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       17197385                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15518645                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       900077                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6509987                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6149003                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         949834                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39797                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182494176                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            108083511                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          17197385                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      7098837                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            21377178                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       2837444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     25305281                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        10467796                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       903844                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    231093784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      209716606     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         761972      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1554829      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         667433      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        3552519      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3168121      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         613982      0.27%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1281385      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        9776937      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    231093784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067629                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.425043                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      180600719                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     27212379                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        21297991                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        68249                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      1914441                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1508916                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          479                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    126733094                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2695                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      1914441                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      180841693                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles      25272068                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1110290                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        21153252                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       802035                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    126665005                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          480                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       410125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       263151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9962                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    148702242                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    596551193                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    596551193                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    131873331                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       16828905                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        14701                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7425                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1849881                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     29887926                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores     15114583                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138942                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       734826                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        126420005                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14741                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       121496822                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69825                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9793864                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23572537                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           83                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231093784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187455296     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13330355      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10780818      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4655112      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5819339      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5514242      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3134087      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       249873      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154662      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231093784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305434     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2334434     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68215      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76211926     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1061042      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7274      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29138517     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15078063     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    121496822                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.477791                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2708083                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022289                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476865336                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136231718                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120462882                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    124204905                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       217730                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1161576                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          473                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3114                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94621                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10707                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      1914441                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles      24654526                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       238225                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126434844                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1295                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29887926                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15114583                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7423                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       147251                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          105                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3114                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       524686                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       530568                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1055254                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120653488                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29043283                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       843334                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  98                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           44119847                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       15810201                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores         15076564                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.474474                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            120466073                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           120462882                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        65073565                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       128476175                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.473725                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.506503                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97883364                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    115028753                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11419793                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14658                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       919804                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229179343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187304621     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15409654      6.72%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7179109      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7060395      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1953094      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8078644      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       613717      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       449074      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1131035      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229179343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     97883364                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    115028753                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             43746304                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            28726347                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              7318                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15190026                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       102288198                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1114114                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      1131035                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          354496568                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         254811728                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3916217                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              23194924                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          97883364                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           115028753                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     97883364                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.597875                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.597875                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.384930                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.384930                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      596478765                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     139888743                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     150904393                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        14636                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              254287929                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       17873491                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14616040                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1747564                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7581019                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7072646                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1839760                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77616                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173622822                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            101355502                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          17873491                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      8912406                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            21256591                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5061732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      7907456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10675635                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1758785                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    206062383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      184805792     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1155691      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1824116      0.89%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2890323      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1210116      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1359005      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1426006      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         933864      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10457470      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    206062383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070288                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.398586                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      171990178                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      9552979                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        21190855                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        53318                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3275051                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      2931081                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          441                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    123786899                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2832                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3275051                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      172244311                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1955264                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      6828673                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        20994782                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       764300                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    123705970                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        38098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       212621                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       275347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        63942                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    171719589                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    575463721                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    575463721                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    146743946                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       24975451                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        32007                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17817                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2227829                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     11803868                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6342655                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191162                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1437857                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        123533031                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32098                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       117011826                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147609                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15495144                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34416459                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3485                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206062383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156680509     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19843885      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10846678      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7380240      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6893490      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1992112      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1538336      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       527735      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359398      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206062383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27254     12.66%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82414     38.27%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105659     49.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     98020598     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1846761      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14188      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10821572      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6308707      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    117011826                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.460155                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215327                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    440448971                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139061571                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115140696                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    117227153                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       355451                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2118479                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          320                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1329                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       185641                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7283                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3275051                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1222342                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106753                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123565273                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48625                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11803868                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6342655                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17806                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79011                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1329                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1022742                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       994858                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2017600                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115353580                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10177627                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1658246                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           16484796                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16240887                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6307169                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.453634                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            115141568                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           115140696                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        67319399                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       175836998                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.452797                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382851                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86196885                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    105655484                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17910074                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1784921                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202787332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159900930     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20765294     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8087591      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4356151      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3264365      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1821296      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1123199      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1004627      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2463879      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202787332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     86196885                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    105655484                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             15842364                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             9685366                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             14276                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15166480                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        95203434                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2146385                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2463879                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          323888439                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         250406564                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2814151                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              48225546                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          86196885                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           105655484                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     86196885                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.950083                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.950083                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.338974                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.338974                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      520205800                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     159598983                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     115461305                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        28586                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              254286775                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       17493899                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15611357                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1387462                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11562911                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11399559                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1049356                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41842                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    184628354                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             99331618                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          17493899                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     12448915                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            22136785                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       4560261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      7411218                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11167677                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1361826                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    217341311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      195204526     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        3374053      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1700858      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3332380      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1069564      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3085851      1.42%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         486697      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         794772      0.37%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        8292610      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    217341311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068796                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.390628                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      182856709                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      9225276                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        22093178                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        17594                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3148550                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1661504                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        16404                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    111128065                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        31195                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3148550                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      183057765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       5956625                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      2629573                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        21893846                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       654948                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    110966895                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        86477                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       502599                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    145430359                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    502902539                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    502902539                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    117971143                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       27459090                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        14906                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7542                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1505100                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     19987641                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      3257130                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20472                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       742636                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        110390151                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14958                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       103377863                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        67540                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19899344                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40707311                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217341311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172023822     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14252856      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15192733      6.99%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8787629      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4537103      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1139255      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1350074      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31189      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26650      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217341311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        173359     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        71482     23.57%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        58463     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     81079364     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       811115      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7364      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18250609     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3229411      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    103377863                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.406540                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303304                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    424467881                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    130304720                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    100764962                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    103681167                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82291                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4056044                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          276                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80525                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3148550                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       5211453                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        78477                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    110405185                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4593                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19987641                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3257130                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7539                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        37441                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2104                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          276                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       934036                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       538080                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1472116                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    102068632                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17992248                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1309231                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  76                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           21221507                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       15519177                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          3229259                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.401392                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            100787970                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           100764962                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        60962547                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       132854105                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.396265                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.458868                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     80261928                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     90370634                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20038920                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14852                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1378688                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    214192761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421913                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180548761     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13218848      6.17%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8492115      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2673719      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4432203      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       866310      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       549110      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       502183      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2909512      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    214192761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     80261928                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     90370634                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             19108170                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            15931565                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              7410                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         13866254                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        78977351                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1130781                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2909512                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          321692504                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         223970224                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4117591                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              36945464                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          80261928                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            90370634                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     80261928                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.168212                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.168212                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.315635                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.315635                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      474417514                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     131297047                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     118011915                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        14838                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19663815                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16088181                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1920282                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8051439                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7728835                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2032556                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87157                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189415224                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            110016668                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19663815                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9761391                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            22947543                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5245597                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     10229256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11586940                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1921851                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    225892352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933569                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      202944809     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1061676      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1692384      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2301605      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2365691      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2004788      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1121477      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1677091      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10722831      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    225892352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077329                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.432645                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      187464786                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     12196447                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        22904689                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        26470                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3299959                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3237940                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    134983893                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1968                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3299959                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      187974713                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1691229                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      9312219                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        22426983                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles      1187246                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    134939338                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       176472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       509222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    188310253                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    627750697                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    627750697                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    163280310                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       25029938                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        33418                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17366                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         3524570                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     12613238                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6847306                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80844                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1675564                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        134790231                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33536                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       128025218                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17512                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14865609                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35575939                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1163                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225892352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171693244     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22317197      9.88%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11281086      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8501992      3.76%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6688305      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2702281      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1701832      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       887064      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       119351      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225892352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24350     11.46%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77915     36.67%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       110185     51.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107677625     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1912829      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16049      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11592692      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6826023      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    128025218                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.503464                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212450                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482172750                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149689898                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126112726                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    128237668                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       259903                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2005745                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          526                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99070                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3299959                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1401659                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116786                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134823902                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12613238                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6847306                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17369                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98638                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          526                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1118282                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1078790                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2197072                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126261921                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10908377                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1763297                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           17734125                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17938639                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6825748                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.496530                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            126112941                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           126112726                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        72377434                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       195037760                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.495943                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371094                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95181689                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    117120209                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17703714                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32373                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1944547                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222592393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174513509     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23843870     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8994001      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4291833      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3632722      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2076078      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1800369      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       820742      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2619269      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222592393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     95181689                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    117120209                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             17355727                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10607491                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             16150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16888859                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       105523976                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2411766                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2619269                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          354796384                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         272947873                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2869550                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              28396356                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          95181689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           117120209                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     95181689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.671614                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.671614                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.374306                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.374306                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      568269370                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     175667743                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     125150233                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        32344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       17847401                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14595739                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1746237                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7579484                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7063203                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1837280                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77460                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173392985                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            101211172                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          17847401                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      8900483                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            21224011                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5057822                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      7895499                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        10662009                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1757451                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    205785485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      184561474     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1152014      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1819422      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        2885482      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1209166      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1357600      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1426765      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         934115      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       10439447      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    205785485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070186                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.398017                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      171761241                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      9540411                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        21157985                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        53313                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3272533                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      2925717                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          432                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    123608381                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2805                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3272533                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      172013982                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1947417                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      6836644                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        20963237                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       751670                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    123527074                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        33488                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       211685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       274928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        53576                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    171464710                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    574627982                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    574627982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    146513141                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       24951569                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        31915                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17749                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2223735                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     11787201                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      6332870                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191177                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1437828                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        123355751                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32005                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       116842527                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147893                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15486917                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34375605                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3436                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205785485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156476527     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19816909      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10827608      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7366218      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6885827      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1991147      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1534583      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528121      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       358545      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205785485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27259     12.66%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82482     38.32%     50.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105499     49.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     97878917     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1843959      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14166      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10806716      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6298769      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    116842527                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.459488                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215240                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001842                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    439833672                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138875972                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    114973348                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    117057767                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       354536                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2117066                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          322                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1326                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       185560                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7276                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3272533                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1236724                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106842                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123387888                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        42040                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11787201                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6332870                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17736                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79254                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1326                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1022873                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       993253                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2016126                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115186624                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10163713                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1655903                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           16460904                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       16215063                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          6297191                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.452976                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            114974148                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           114973348                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        67220355                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       175589016                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.452137                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382828                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86061327                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    105489352                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17899020                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28569                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1783540                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202512952                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159692039     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20733668     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8075559      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4350531      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3258284      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1819035      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1121514      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1002998      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2459324      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202512952                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     86061327                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    105489352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             15817445                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             9670135                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             14254                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15142675                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        95053673                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2143001                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2459324                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          323441428                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         250049466                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2809886                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              48503223                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          86061327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           105489352                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     86061327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.954738                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.954738                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.338439                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.338439                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      519457311                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     159362736                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     115295999                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        28542                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              254288289                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       17502761                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15620025                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1387306                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11567282                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11405579                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1049607                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41864                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    184687531                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             99378258                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          17502761                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     12455186                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            22146345                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       4560494                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      7482909                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11171334                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1361771                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    217482143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      195335798     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3374581      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1701502      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3334748      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1070351      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3086818      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         487718      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         794941      0.37%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        8295686      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    217482143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068830                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.390809                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      182920711                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      9292244                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        22102571                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        17672                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3148941                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1661877                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        16404                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    111177015                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        31152                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3148941                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      183121522                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       6016986                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2638090                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        21903349                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       653251                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    111015475                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        86473                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       500615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    145499433                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    503118205                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    503118205                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    118027069                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       27472237                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        14909                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7542                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1503027                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     19993272                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3258320                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19801                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       743292                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        110437179                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14962                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       103424976                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        67676                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19904384                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40716659                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          102                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217482143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172144260     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14258885      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15200020      6.99%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8793330      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4536801      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1139059      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1351722      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31298      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26768      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217482143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        173623     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        71398     23.52%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        58563     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     81115201     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       811383      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7368      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18259982     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3231042      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    103424976                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.406723                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303584                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002935                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    424703355                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    130356794                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    100811562                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    103728560                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82136                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4055074                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          275                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80005                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3148941                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       5272780                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        78537                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    110452219                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4665                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19993272                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3258320                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7539                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        37571                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2110                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          275                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       934703                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       537982                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1472685                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    102117812                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18001610                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1307164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           21232501                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       15526700                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3230891                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.401583                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            100834344                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           100811562                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        60988899                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       132908829                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.396446                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458878                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     80298657                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     90412846                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20043750                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14860                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1378534                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    214333202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180672847     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13225770      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8496608      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2673646      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4434418      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       867802      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       548995      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       502658      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2910458      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    214333202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     80298657                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     90412846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             19116481                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            15938166                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7414                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         13872652                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        79014492                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1131387                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2910458                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          321879041                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         224064723                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4118719                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              36806146                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          80298657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            90412846                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     80298657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.166781                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.166781                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.315778                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.315778                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      474642760                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     131360618                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     118066412                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        14846                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       22053972                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18361587                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2000546                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8463013                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8077411                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2373142                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92968                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191806933                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            120957529                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          22053972                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     10450553                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            25218290                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5571680                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     17563826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           48                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11908753                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1912195                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    238144971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      212926681     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1547127      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1950363      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3092439      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1308484      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1683897      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1949683      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         893975      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       12792322      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    238144971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086728                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.475670                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      190679154                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     18803304                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        25098325                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        11734                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3552452                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3357583                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          546                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    147872056                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3552452                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      190873035                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        617147                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     17645131                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24916165                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       541037                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    146959701                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          142                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        77101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       377878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    205231901                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    683426385                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    683426385                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    171831282                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       33400614                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        35587                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18545                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1905433                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     13768348                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7198675                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80589                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634366                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        143477344                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35718                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       137687227                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       128419                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17334356                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35267918                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1339                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238144971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179803876     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26603278     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10884279      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6098943      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8262477      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2542122      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2497638      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346648      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105710      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238144971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938359     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129714     10.89%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122772     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115993789     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1882471      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17041      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12617110      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7176816      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    137687227                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.541460                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1190845                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008649                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    514838689                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160848082                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134102009                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    138878072                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101575                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2600018                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101643                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3552452                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        469285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59519                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143513071                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114004                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13768348                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7198675                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18546                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52077                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182062                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126750                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2308812                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135287311                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12412222                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2399916                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           19588414                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       19135518                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7176192                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.532022                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            134102450                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           134102009                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        80363874                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       215861244                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.527361                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372294                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99967801                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    123183617                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20330026                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34379                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2017664                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234592519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182456372     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26423585     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9589403      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4780769      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4373946      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1834373      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1817686      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865926      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2450459      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234592519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     99967801                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    123183617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             18265359                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            11168327                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             17150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17855162                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       110905365                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2543711                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2450459                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          375655001                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         290579763                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2906326                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              16143737                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          99967801                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           123183617                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     99967801                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.543706                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.543706                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.393127                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.393127                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      608727541                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     187386091                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     136750019                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        34350                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       17146963                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15473697                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       898490                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6371370                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6126917                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         945152                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39461                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    181882104                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            107764623                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          17146963                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      7072069                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            21315689                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       2839126                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     25583470                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        10434668                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       902121                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    230699534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      209383845     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         760253      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1550223      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         667109      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        3540248      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3157358      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         608810      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1277979      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        9753709      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    230699534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.067431                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.423788                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      180001644                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     27475606                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        21236454                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        68055                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      1917770                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1503929                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          478                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    126376880                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2713                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      1917770                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      180241582                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles      25555647                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1096437                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        21092524                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       795569                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    126307597                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          406                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       408628                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       262071                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6679                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    148285252                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    594856438                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    594856438                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    131421767                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       16863485                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        14666                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7414                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1841288                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     29799738                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores     15065459                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       137819                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       729397                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        126057006                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14707                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       121114590                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72156                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9829679                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23694733                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           97                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230699534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187206764     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13280260      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10745303      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4638750      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5799629      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5500813      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3125440      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       248347      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154228      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230699534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        304829     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2330073     86.21%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68012      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     75979417     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1058111      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7250      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29043315     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15026497     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    121114590                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.476288                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2702914                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022317                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    475703784                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    135904511                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120075763                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    123817504                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       217364                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1173100                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          464                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3126                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97536                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10671                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      1917770                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles      24947750                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       236039                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126071805                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1297                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29799738                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15065459                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7413                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       145952                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          117                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3126                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       523131                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       532016                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1055147                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120269360                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     28947497                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       845230                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           43972490                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       15758636                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores         15024993                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.472964                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            120078935                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           120075763                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        64877941                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       128110070                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.472202                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.506423                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97546842                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    114633605                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11452090                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14610                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       918169                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228781764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187050600     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15360290      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7153036      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7034556      3.07%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1944921      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8049411      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       613596      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       447572      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1127782      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228781764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     97546842                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    114633605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             43594561                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            28626638                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              7294                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         15137928                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       101936873                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1110350                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      1127782                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          353739391                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         254089346                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3906029                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              23589174                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          97546842                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           114633605                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     97546842                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.606837                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.606837                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.383607                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.383607                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      594546198                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     139442076                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     150438869                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        14588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       17897697                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14636685                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1747996                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7589648                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7081460                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1842750                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77787                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173818160                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            101496699                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          17897697                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      8924210                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            21285969                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5064463                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      8011741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        10686809                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1759293                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    206393406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      185107437     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1157039      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1825729      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2895020      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1211627      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1360421      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1430433      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         934707      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10470993      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    206393406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070383                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.399140                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      172183028                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      9659985                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        21219877                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        53437                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3277077                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      2934052                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          436                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    123957734                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2804                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3277077                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      172437233                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1979631                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      6909599                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        21023732                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       766132                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    123874424                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents        42062                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       213012                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       275687                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        65864                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    171958187                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    576243935                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    576243935                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    146952125                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       25006062                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        32145                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17932                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2230718                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     11820333                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6350969                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191588                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1440924                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        123700063                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32240                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       117170642                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       148198                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15518604                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34455535                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3582                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206393406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260615                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156942235     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19872268      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10863762      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7389267      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6902579      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1995216      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1539351      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       529277      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359451      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206393406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27228     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82560     38.30%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105796     49.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     98151434     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1849460      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14209      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10838380      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6317159      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    117170642                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.460778                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215584                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    441098472                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139252203                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115297290                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    117386226                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       357244                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2121261                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          356                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1324                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       185207                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7271                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          393                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3277077                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1224176                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107114                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123732442                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49184                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11820333                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6350969                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17924                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79435                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1324                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1022966                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       995891                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2018857                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115511988                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10195017                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1658654                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           16510670                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       16262550                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6315653                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.454255                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            115298088                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           115297290                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        67415025                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       176078138                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.453411                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382870                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86319254                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    105805387                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17927471                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28658                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1785439                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203116329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    160166534     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20796448     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8099089      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4364750      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3268374      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1822958      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1125521      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1006141      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2466514      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203116329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     86319254                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    105805387                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             15864834                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             9699072                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             14298                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15187929                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        95338560                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2149424                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2466514                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          324382101                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         250743000                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2815425                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              47895302                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          86319254                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           105805387                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     86319254                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.945909                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.945909                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.339454                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.339454                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      520924443                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     159818733                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     115623439                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        28632                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       17885835                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14626130                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1749077                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7588213                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7075249                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1841515                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77798                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173751539                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            101426332                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          17885835                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      8916764                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            21266999                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5067182                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      7970667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles          285                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        10683412                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1760181                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    206268841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      185001842     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1154601      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1822821      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2890556      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1210651      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1360384      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1429173      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         937682      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10461131      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    206268841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070337                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.398863                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      172118602                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      9617022                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        21201027                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        53314                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3278874                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      2932953                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          440                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    123865987                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2828                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3278874                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      172371806                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1992898                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      6861150                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        21005500                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       758611                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    123784415                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        36033                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       212022                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       275106                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        59060                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    171830874                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    575821388                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    575821388                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    146822557                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       25008317                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        32146                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17946                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2227236                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     11809640                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      6347337                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191478                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1439063                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        123614257                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32235                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       117092406                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       148098                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15517009                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34414607                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3605                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206268841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156851063     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19859943      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10853483      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7385504      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6898212      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1994519      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1538578      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528238      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359301      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206268841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27154     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82358     38.28%     50.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105654     49.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     98086764     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1848256      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14196      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10830081      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6313109      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    117092406                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.460470                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215166                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    440816917                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139164803                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115219648                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    117307572                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       356332                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2119104                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          326                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1333                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       187037                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7296                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3278874                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1257306                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106889                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123646626                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        41790                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11809640                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6347337                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17935                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79262                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1333                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1023023                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       996210                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2019233                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115433311                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10186742                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1659095                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 134                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           16498291                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16250646                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6311549                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.453946                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            115220521                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           115219648                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        67367310                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       175950270                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.453106                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382877                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86243038                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    105712065                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17935184                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28630                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1786541                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202989967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    160073628     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20781499     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8093912      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4360367      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3265281      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1822897      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1123980      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1005072      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2463331      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202989967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     86243038                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    105712065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             15850836                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             9690536                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             14284                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15174620                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        95254379                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2147526                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2463331                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          324173313                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         250573574                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2814938                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              48019867                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          86243038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           105712065                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     86243038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.948513                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.948513                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.339154                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.339154                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      520572702                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     159705439                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     115543663                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        28604                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       17195112                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15517504                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       901059                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6483864                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6149582                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         950171                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39837                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182496708                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            108071588                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          17195112                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      7099753                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            21377440                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       2839601                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     25329798                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           35                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        10468851                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       904752                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    231120073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      209742633     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         762880      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1558590      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         666374      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        3550602      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3168341      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         614258      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1279503      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        9776892      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    231120073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.067620                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.424996                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      180598615                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     27239329                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        21298426                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        68093                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      1915605                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1507785                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          485                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    126719962                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2707                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      1915605                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      180839245                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles      25315954                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1099612                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        21154197                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       795455                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    126652321                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       408961                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       262557                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5692                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    148697353                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    596495482                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    596495482                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    131862528                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       16834735                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        14700                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7423                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1845458                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     29884421                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores     15111591                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138521                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       735506                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        126405844                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14742                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       121482827                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69816                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9793684                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23570143                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231120073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187485936     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13329954      5.77%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10777057      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4657830      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5818575      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5512324      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3134069      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       249689      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154639      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231120073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        306117     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2334535     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68309      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76205017     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1061059      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7274      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29134549     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15074928     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    121482827                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.477736                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2708961                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022299                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476864504                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136217388                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120447282                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    124191788                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       217785                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1162653                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          476                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3122                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93920                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10711                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      1915605                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles      24700204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       238924                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126420660                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29884421                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15111591                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7424                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       147957                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          105                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3122                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       526143                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       530683                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1056826                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120637968                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29040195                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       844859                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  74                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           44113612                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       15807838                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores         15073417                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.474413                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            120450516                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           120447282                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        65072551                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       128474995                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.473664                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506500                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97873099                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    115017111                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11417589                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14658                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       920768                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229204468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501810                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187332744     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15409274      6.72%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7178259      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7059329      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1954549      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8076848      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       613805      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       449214      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1130446      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229204468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     97873099                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    115017111                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             43739430                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            28721759                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              7318                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15188602                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       102277975                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1114112                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1130446                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          354508436                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         254785270                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3917226                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              23168635                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          97873099                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           115017111                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     97873099                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.598147                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.598147                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.384890                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.384890                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      596404853                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     139872965                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     150886149                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        14636                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         8268                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.217696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         214125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        10312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        20.764643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.153285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     6.694765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1380.432529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         621.937117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.003269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.674039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.303680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 26948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                8411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  27154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27152                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 27154                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                8268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 8268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                8268                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6701535625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6802894908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6701535625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     6802894908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6701535625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    6802894908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             35216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            8411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              35422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             35422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814380.316563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822798.126270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814380.316563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822798.126270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814380.316563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822798.126270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            8268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5978864593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6076799676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5978864593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6076799676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5978864593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6076799676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726560.285940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734978.190131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726560.285940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734978.190131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726560.285940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734978.190131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        27874                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.597434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         161129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        29922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.384968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.915094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.812735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1640.666814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         391.202790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.801107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.191017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 34924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                7252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  35012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35011                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 35012                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               27835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                27864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27824                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               27864                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59204234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  25998180804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26057385038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     24041674                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24041674                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59204234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  26022222478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    26081426712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59204234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  26022222478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   26081426712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             62759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            7252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              62876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             62876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.443174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1480105.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 935354.589099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 936137.418286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 829023.241379                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829023.241379                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1480105.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 935243.763585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 936025.937123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1480105.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 935243.763585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 936025.937123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               4141                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    4141                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           27864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          27864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55690899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  23557067312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23612758211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     21492371                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21492371                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55690899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  23578559683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23634250582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55690899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  23578559683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23634250582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.443174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1392272.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 847528.955280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848311.773343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 741116.241379                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741116.241379                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1392272.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 847418.044961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848200.207508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1392272.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 847418.044961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848200.207508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        32755                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.939246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         200294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        34803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         5.755079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.693751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     1.907664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1805.767716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         236.570116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.881723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.115513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 38639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12384                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               12384                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  38667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38666                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 38667                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               32717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                32755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32716                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               32755                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80321662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  30834289086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30914610748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     68034793                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     68034793                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80321662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  30902323879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    30982645541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80321662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  30902323879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   30982645541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        71316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             71356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12384                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           12384                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        71382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              71422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        71382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             71422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.458214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.458323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.458323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2059529.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 943579.444458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944909.702846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1790389.289474                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1790389.289474                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2059529.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 944563.023566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945890.567577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2059529.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 944563.023566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945890.567577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               5164                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    5164                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           32755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          32755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76897462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  27964821955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28041719417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     64698393                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64698393                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76897462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  28029520348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28106417810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76897462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  28029520348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28106417810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.458214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.458323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.458323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1971729.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 855769.078738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857099.349482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1702589.289474                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1702589.289474                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1971729.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 856752.669886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858080.226225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1971729.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 856752.669886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858080.226225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        32678                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.939819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         200173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        34726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         5.764355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.697416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.122286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1805.091204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         237.028913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.881392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.115737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 38549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12353                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               12353                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  38577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38576                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 38577                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               32640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                32678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32635                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               32678                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77433302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  30928883438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31006316740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     60512819                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     60512819                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77433302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  30989396257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    31066829559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77433302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  30989396257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   31066829559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        71145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             71189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12353                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           12353                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        71211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              71255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        71211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             71255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1800774.465116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 948826.071049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 949948.429534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1592442.605263                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1592442.605263                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1800774.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 949575.494316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 950695.561509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1800774.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 949575.494316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 950695.561509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5151                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5151                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           32678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          32678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73655696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28066308041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28139963737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     57176419                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57176419                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73655696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28123484460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28197140156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73655696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28123484460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28197140156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1712923.162791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 861008.928460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862131.241942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1504642.605263                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1504642.605263                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1712923.162791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 861758.371687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862878.393904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1712923.162791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 861758.371687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862878.393904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        17468                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.526329                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         225771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        19516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        11.568508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.857403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.919589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1626.030267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         385.719070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.793960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.188339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        32843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 32844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               17980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          142                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 142                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        32985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  32986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        32985                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 32986                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               17452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                17458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17422                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               17458                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     67881231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14665412545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14733293776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4764118                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4764118                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     67881231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14670176663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    14738057894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     67881231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14670176663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   14738057894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        50259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             50296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           17980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        50407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              50444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        50407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             50444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.040541                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.040541                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1885589.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 842065.488344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 844218.071052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 794019.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 794019.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1885589.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 842048.941740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 844200.818765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1885589.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 842048.941740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 844200.818765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               9528                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    9528                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           17458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          17458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64720431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13136144527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13200864958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4237318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4237318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64720431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13140381845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13205102276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64720431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13140381845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13205102276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.040541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1797789.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 754257.264986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756409.864657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 706219.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706219.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1797789.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 754240.721215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756392.615191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1797789.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 754240.721215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756392.615191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        32744                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.937331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         200331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        34792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         5.757962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.729249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     1.964781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1805.670418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         236.572884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.881675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.115514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 38670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12389                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               12389                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  38700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38699                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 38700                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               32707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                32744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32704                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               32744                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     74093206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  30851185278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30925278484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     61885566                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     61885566                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     74093206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  30913070844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    30987164050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     74093206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  30913070844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   30987164050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        71336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             71377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12389                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           12389                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        71403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              71444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        71403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             71444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.457931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.552239                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.552239                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.458020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.458020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1852330.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 944414.402241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945524.764852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1672582.864865                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1672582.864865                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1852330.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 945238.222970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946346.324517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1852330.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 945238.222970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946346.324517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5163                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5163                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           32744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          32744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70581206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  27982697342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28053278548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     58636966                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58636966                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70581206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  28041334308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28111915514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70581206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  28041334308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28111915514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.457931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.552239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.552239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.458020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.458020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1764530.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 856604.443077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857714.817868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1584782.864865                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1584782.864865                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1764530.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 857428.275073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858536.388774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1764530.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 857428.275073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858536.388774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        27753                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.597873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         161145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        29801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.407369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.275569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.615301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1642.033442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         389.673560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.801774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.190270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 34939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                7253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  35027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35026                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 35027                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               27716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                27745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27707                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               27745                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52259432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25755317584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25807577016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     27595888                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     27595888                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52259432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25782913472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    25835172904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52259432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25782913472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   25835172904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             62655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            7253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              62772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             62772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.441665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.441665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1375248.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 930533.910832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 931143.636023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 951582.344828                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951582.344828                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1375248.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 930555.941531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 931164.999243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1375248.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 930555.941531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 931164.999243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4143                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4143                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           27745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          27745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48923032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23324692293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23373615325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     25048911                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25048911                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48923032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23349741204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23398664236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48923032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23349741204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23398664236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.441665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.441665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1287448.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 842715.958270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843325.708075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 863755.551724                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863755.551724                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1287448.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 842737.979716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843347.062029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1287448.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 842737.979716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843347.062029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        17439                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.832845                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         156254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        19487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         8.018371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.763554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.757822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1661.730844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         354.580625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.811392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.173135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        32808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 32809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           5883                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                5883                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        32874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  32875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        32874                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 32875                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               17439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                17439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17404                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               17439                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     42964243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13620867810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   13663832053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     42964243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13620867810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    13663832053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     42964243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13620867810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   13663832053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        50212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             50248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5883                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            5883                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        50278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              50314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        50278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             50314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.346610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.346155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.346155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1227549.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 782628.580211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 783521.535237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1227549.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 782628.580211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 783521.535237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1227549.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 782628.580211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 783521.535237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               2351                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    2351                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           17439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          17439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39891243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12092733069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12132624312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39891243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12092733069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12132624312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39891243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12092733069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12132624312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.346610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.346155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.346155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1139749.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 694824.929269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 695717.891622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1139749.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 694824.929269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 695717.891622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1139749.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 694824.929269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 695717.891622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        11502                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.447504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         191377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        13549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        14.124806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.925151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     5.164956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1509.512274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         505.845123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.737067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.246995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        27353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 27355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8795                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                8795                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        27503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  27505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        27503                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 27505                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               11501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                11501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11460                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               11501                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64131030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9364796288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9428927318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64131030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9364796288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     9428927318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64131030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9364796288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    9428927318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        38813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             38856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8795                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            8795                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        38963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              39006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        38963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             39006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.295262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1564171.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 817172.450960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819835.433267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1564171.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 817172.450960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819835.433267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1564171.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 817172.450960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819835.433267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5034                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5034                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           11500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          11500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60531230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8357908272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8418439502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60531230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8357908272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8418439502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60531230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8357908272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8418439502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.295236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1476371.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 729375.012828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732038.217565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1476371.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 729375.012828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732038.217565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1476371.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 729375.012828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732038.217565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        27779                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.596072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         161171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        29827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         5.403527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.272527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.544860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1639.155531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         392.623153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.800369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.191711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 34967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7251                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                7251                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  35055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35054                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 35055                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               27740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                27769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27731                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               27769                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     47639443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25888558797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25936198240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     26741109                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26741109                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     47639443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25915299906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    25962939349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     47639443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25915299906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   25962939349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        62668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             62707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7251                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            7251                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        62785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              62824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        62785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             62824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.441682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.441682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1253669.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 934537.535088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934974.702235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 922107.206897                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 922107.206897                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1253669.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 934524.535935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 934961.264324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1253669.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 934524.535935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 934961.264324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               4132                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    4132                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           27769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          27769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     44288793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  23454583065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23498871858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     24193409                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24193409                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     44288793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  23478776474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23523065267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     44288793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  23478776474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23523065267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.441682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.441682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1165494.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 846674.718973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847111.458472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 834255.482759                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834255.482759                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1165494.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 846661.731420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847098.032590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1165494.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 846661.731420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847098.032590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        17460                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.827759                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         156356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        19508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         8.014968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.645111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.746553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1661.860492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         353.575604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.811455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.172644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        32830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 32831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           5963                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                5963                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        32897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  32898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        32897                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 32898                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               17460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                17460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17425                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               17460                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     38349211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13612878749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   13651227960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     38349211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13612878749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    13651227960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     38349211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13612878749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   13651227960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        50255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             50291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5963                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            5963                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        50322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              50358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        50322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             50358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1095691.742857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781226.900947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 781857.271478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1095691.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781226.900947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 781857.271478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1095691.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781226.900947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 781857.271478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               2352                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    2352                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           17460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          17460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     35276211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12082883761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12118159972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     35276211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12082883761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12118159972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     35276211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12082883761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12118159972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1007891.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 693422.310531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694052.690263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1007891.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 693422.310531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694052.690263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1007891.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 693422.310531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694052.690263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         8267                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.220630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         214009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        10311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        20.755407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.156151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     6.700417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1380.283770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         622.080292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.003272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.673967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.303750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        26862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 26864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8379                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                8379                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        27068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  27070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        27068                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 27070                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                8267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 8267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8228                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                8267                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91517053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6770009967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6861527020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91517053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6770009967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     6861527020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91517053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6770009967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    6861527020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        35090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             35131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8379                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            8379                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        35296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              35337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        35296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             35337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.234483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.233114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.233114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2346591.102564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 822801.405809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829989.962502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2346591.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 822801.405809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 829989.962502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2346591.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 822801.405809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 829989.962502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            8267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           8267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     88092276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6047327175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6135419451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     88092276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6047327175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6135419451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     88092276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6047327175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6135419451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.234483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.233114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.233114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2258776.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 734969.272606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742157.911092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2258776.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 734969.272606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742157.911092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2258776.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 734969.272606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742157.911092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        32678                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.936731                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         200071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        34726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         5.761418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.723842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.134824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1805.404247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         236.673817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.881545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.115563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 38506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12294                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               12294                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  38535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38534                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 38535                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               32640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                32678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32635                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               32678                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91227995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31233312958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31324540953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     59710545                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     59710545                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91227995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31293023503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    31384251498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91227995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31293023503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   31384251498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        71102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             71146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12294                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           12294                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        71169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              71213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        71169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             71213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.567164                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.567164                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2121581.279070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 958165.259318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 959697.945864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1571330.131579                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1571330.131579                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2121581.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 958879.224851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 960409.189608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2121581.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 958879.224851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 960409.189608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5149                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5149                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           32678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          32678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87452595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28370679737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28458132332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56373274                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56373274                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87452595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28427053011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28514505606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87452595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28427053011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28514505606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.567164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2033781.279070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 870346.342823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871879.054289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1483507.210526                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1483507.210526                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2033781.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 871060.303692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872590.293347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2033781.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 871060.303692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872590.293347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        27937                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.600674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         161192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        29985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         5.375755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.488727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.478937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1644.318576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         388.314433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.802890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.189607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 34969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7270                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                7270                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  35057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35056                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 35057                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               27898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                27927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27889                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               27927                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     41228454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25742981820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25784210274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23718754                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     23718754                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     41228454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25766700574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    25807929028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     41228454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25766700574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   25807929028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             62867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7270                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            7270                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              62984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             62984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.443433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.443069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.443069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1084959.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 924012.269203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 924231.495950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 817888.068966                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817888.068966                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1084959.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 923901.917387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 924121.066638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1084959.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 923901.917387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 924121.066638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               4155                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    4155                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           27927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          27927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     37890134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  23296373761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23334263895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21171555                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21171555                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     37890134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  23317545316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23355435450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     37890134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  23317545316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23355435450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.443433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.443069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.443069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 997108.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 836194.320208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836413.502581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 730053.620690                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730053.620690                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 997108.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 836083.951235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836303.056182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 997108.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 836083.951235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836303.056182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        27875                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.597510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         161168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        29923                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         5.386091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.275038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.657880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1640.642943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         391.021649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.801095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.190929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 34954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7261                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                7261                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  35042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35041                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 35042                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               27836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                27865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27825                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               27865                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65052548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25679938812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25744991360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22994087                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     22994087                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65052548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25702932899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    25767985447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65052548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25702932899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   25767985447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             62790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7261                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            7261                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              62907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             62907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1626313.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 923871.737372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 924881.138095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 792899.551724                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 792899.551724                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1626313.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 923735.234465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 924743.780621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1626313.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 923735.234465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 924743.780621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               4143                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    4143                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           27865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          27865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61536841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  23238876257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23300413098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     20447887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20447887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61536841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  23259324144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23320860985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61536841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  23259324144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23320860985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1538421.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 836051.095733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837060.392944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 705099.551724                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705099.551724                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1538421.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 835914.614340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836923.057061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1538421.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 835914.614340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836923.057061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        32730                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.938726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         200283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        34778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.758899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.698214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.066623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1805.795988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         236.377900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.881736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.115419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 38669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12342                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               12342                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  38698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38697                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 38698                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               32695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                32732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32691                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               32732                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     84535052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  30834302187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30918837239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     60534021                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     60534021                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     84535052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  30894836208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    30979371260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     84535052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  30894836208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   30979371260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             71364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12342                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           12342                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              71430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             71430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.457839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.560606                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.560606                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.457934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.457934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2061830.536585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 944273.356618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945674.789387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1636054.621622                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1636054.621622                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2061830.536585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 945056.321556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946455.189417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2061830.536585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 945056.321556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946455.189417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               5166                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    5166                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           32732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          32732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80934086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  27967185742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28048119828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     57285421                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57285421                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80934086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28024471163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28105405249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80934086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28024471163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28105405249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.457839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.560606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.457934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.457934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1974002.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 856470.439824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857871.840587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1548254.621622                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1548254.621622                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1974002.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 857253.408063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858652.243951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1974002.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 857253.408063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858652.243951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              495.482345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1011922424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2040166.177419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.482345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.064876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11914324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       11914324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      11914324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                35381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              163371175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                35637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4584.313354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.472966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.527034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.912004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.087996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      9506781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9506781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7062530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       16569311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      16569311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        90916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        93005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        93005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        93005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        93005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20419858519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20419858519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134444085                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134444085                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20554302604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20554302604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20554302604                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20554302604                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9597697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9597697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16662316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16662316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16662316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16662316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 224601.374005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224601.374005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64358.106750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64358.106750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 221002.124660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221002.124660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 221002.124660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221002.124660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11740                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  3913.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        55741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8522560144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8522560144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15042155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15042155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8537602299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8537602299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8537602299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8537602299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 242290.267065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242290.267065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 73020.169903                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73020.169903                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241304.720019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241304.720019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241304.720019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241304.720019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              528.869903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1013332055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1908346.619586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.869903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.062292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10664374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10664374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10664374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       10664374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10664374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      10664374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     87527625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87527625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     87527625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87527625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     87527625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87527625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10664442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10664442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10664442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     10664442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10664442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     10664442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1287170.955882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1287170.955882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1287170.955882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1287170.955882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1287170.955882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1287170.955882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59601761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59601761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59601761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59601761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59601761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59601761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1453701.487805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1453701.487805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1453701.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1453701.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1453701.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1453701.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                62835                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              178932791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                63091                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2836.106434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.071361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.928639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7392165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7392165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6123170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6123170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17763                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17763                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14285                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14285                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     13515335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       13515335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     13515335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      13515335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       164397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          864                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          864                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       165261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       165261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       165261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       165261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  72456700390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72456700390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    320987972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    320987972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  72777688362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72777688362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  72777688362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72777688362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7556562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7556562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6124034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6124034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17763                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17763                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        14285                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14285                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     13680596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13680596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     13680596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13680596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 440742.230029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440742.230029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 371513.856481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 371513.856481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 440380.297602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440380.297602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 440380.297602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440380.297602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       177462                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       177462                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            7252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       101679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       102426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       102426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28522850234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28522850234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     29976521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29976521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28552826755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28552826755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28552826755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28552826755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454779.333429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454779.333429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 256209.581197                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 256209.581197                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454409.592663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454409.592663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454409.592663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454409.592663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              578.368576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1038177767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1780750.886792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    37.290112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.078464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.059760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.867113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10462446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10462446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10462446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       10462446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10462446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      10462446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    111108620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111108620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    111108620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111108620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    111108620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111108620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10462504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10462504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10462504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     10462504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10462504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     10462504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1915665.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1915665.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1915665.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1915665.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1915665.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1915665.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       650665                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 325332.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80709462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80709462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80709462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80709462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80709462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80709462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2017736.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2017736.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2017736.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2017736.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2017736.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2017736.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                71382                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              443149168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                71638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              6185.951143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.900242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.099758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.437110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.562890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     27396906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27396906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15002423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15002423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     42399329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       42399329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     42399329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      42399329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       261619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       261873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       261873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       261873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       261873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 128321437327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128321437327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    249764070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    249764070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 128571201397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128571201397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 128571201397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128571201397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     27658525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27658525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15002677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15002677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7318                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7318                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     42661202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42661202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     42661202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42661202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 490489.747790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490489.747790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 983323.110236                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 983323.110236                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 490967.764516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490967.764516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 490967.764516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490967.764516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       606578                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       606578                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           12384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       190303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       190491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       190491                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190491                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        71316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        71382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        71382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  33744652997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33744652997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     70211289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70211289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  33814864286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33814864286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  33814864286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33814864286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 473170.859232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473170.859232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1063807.409091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1063807.409091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 473716.963464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473716.963464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 473716.963464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473716.963464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              581.770700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1038171988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1768606.453152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    40.692459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.078241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.065212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10456667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10456667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10456667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10456667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10456667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10456667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    108138437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108138437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    108138437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    108138437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    108138437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    108138437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10456736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10456736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10456736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10456736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10456736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10456736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1567223.724638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1567223.724638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1567223.724638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1567223.724638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1567223.724638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1567223.724638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77854316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77854316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77854316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77854316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77854316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77854316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1769416.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1769416.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1769416.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1769416.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1769416.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1769416.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                71211                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              443064281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                71467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              6199.564568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.901750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.098250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     27345754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27345754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14968717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14968717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7320                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7320                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     42314471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       42314471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     42314471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      42314471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       259740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       259740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          252                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          252                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       259992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       259992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       259992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       259992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 127950234553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 127950234553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    225663985                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    225663985                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 128175898538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128175898538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 128175898538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128175898538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     27605494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27605494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     14968969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14968969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7320                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7320                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     42574463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42574463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     42574463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42574463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 492608.895638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492608.895638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 895492.003968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895492.003968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 492999.394358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492999.394358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 492999.394358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492999.394358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12353                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           12353                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       188595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       188595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       188781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       188781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       188781                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       188781                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        71145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        71211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        71211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  33832128470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33832128470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     62724167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62724167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  33894852637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33894852637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  33894852637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33894852637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475537.683182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475537.683182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 950366.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 950366.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475977.765191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475977.765191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475977.765191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475977.765191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              517.630937                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1009221623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1944550.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    35.630937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.057101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11001878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11001878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11001878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11001878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11001878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11001878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    103215245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103215245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    103215245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103215245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    103215245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103215245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11001934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11001934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11001934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11001934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11001934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11001934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1843129.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1843129.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1843129.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1843129.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1843129.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1843129.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68250974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68250974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68250974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68250974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68250974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68250974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1844620.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1844620.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1844620.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1844620.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1844620.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1844620.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                50407                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              170852721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                50663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3372.337228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.550084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.449916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.912305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.087695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7755906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7755906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6558943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6558943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        16397                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16397                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15097                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15097                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14314849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       14314849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14314849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      14314849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       172963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       178127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       178127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       178127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       178127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  72825283860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72825283860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3179363198                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3179363198                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  76004647058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  76004647058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  76004647058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  76004647058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7928869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7928869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6564107                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6564107                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        16397                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16397                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        15097                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15097                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14492976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14492976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14492976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14492976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 421045.448217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421045.448217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 615678.388459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 615678.388459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 426687.964531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426687.964531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 426687.964531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426687.964531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     44247579                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets            88                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 502813.397727                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           17980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       122704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       127720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       127720                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127720                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        50259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        50407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        50407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16969290518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16969290518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     14032555                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14032555                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16983323073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16983323073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16983323073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16983323073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 337636.851469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337636.851469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94814.560811                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94814.560811                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336923.900907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336923.900907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336923.900907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336923.900907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              578.724676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1038183054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1777710.708904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    38.167106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   540.557570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.061165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.866278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10467733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10467733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10467733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       10467733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10467733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      10467733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104157284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104157284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104157284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104157284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104157284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104157284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10467795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10467795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10467795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     10467795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10467795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     10467795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1679956.193548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1679956.193548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1679956.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1679956.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1679956.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1679956.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       934647                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       934647                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     74489306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74489306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     74489306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74489306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     74489306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74489306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1816812.341463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1816812.341463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1816812.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1816812.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1816812.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1816812.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                71403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              443153325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                71659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              6184.196333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.900193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.099807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.437110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.562890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     27398630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27398630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15004849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15004849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7338                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7338                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     42403479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       42403479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     42403479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      42403479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       261477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          265                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          265                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       261742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       261742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       261742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       261742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 128085424136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128085424136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    244608696                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    244608696                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 128330032832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128330032832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 128330032832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128330032832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     27660107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27660107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15005114                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15005114                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7338                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7338                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7318                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7318                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     42665221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42665221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     42665221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42665221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 489853.501975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489853.501975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 923051.683019                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 923051.683019                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 490292.092335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490292.092335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 490292.092335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490292.092335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1278474                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1278474                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12389                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           12389                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       190141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       190339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       190339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        71336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        71403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        71403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  33763267640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33763267640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     64188947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64188947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  33827456587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33827456587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  33827456587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33827456587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 473299.142649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473299.142649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 958043.985075                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 958043.985075                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 473753.996149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473753.996149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 473753.996149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473753.996149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              527.011902                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1013343253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1915582.708885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.011902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.059314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10675572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10675572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10675572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10675572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10675572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10675572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     76004083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76004083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     76004083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76004083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     76004083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76004083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10675635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10675635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10675635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10675635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10675635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10675635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1206414.015873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1206414.015873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1206414.015873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1206414.015873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1206414.015873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1206414.015873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52641854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52641854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52641854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52641854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52641854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52641854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1349791.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1349791.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1349791.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1349791.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1349791.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1349791.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                62731                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              178941274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                62987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2840.923905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.071394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.928606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7396610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7396610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6127312                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6127312                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17651                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17651                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14293                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14293                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13523922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       13523922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13523922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      13523922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       163734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       163734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       164543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       164543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       164543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       164543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  71850477891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  71850477891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    332627549                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    332627549                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  72183105440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72183105440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  72183105440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72183105440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7560344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7560344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6128121                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6128121                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17651                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17651                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        14293                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14293                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     13688465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13688465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     13688465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13688465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438824.421873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438824.421873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 411158.898640                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 411158.898640                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438688.400236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438688.400236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438688.400236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438688.400236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       101118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       101810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       101810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       101810                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       101810                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28279375270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28279375270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     33533832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33533832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28312909102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28312909102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28312909102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28312909102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451631.775744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451631.775744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 286613.948718                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286613.948718                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451324.009724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451324.009724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451324.009724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451324.009724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              559.080642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              927895074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1648126.241563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    33.862407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.218235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.054267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.841696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11167629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11167629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11167629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11167629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11167629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11167629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     50317486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50317486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     50317486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50317486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     50317486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50317486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11167677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11167677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11167677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11167677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11167677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11167677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1048280.958333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1048280.958333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1048280.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1048280.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1048280.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1048280.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     43338754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43338754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     43338754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43338754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     43338754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43338754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1203854.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1203854.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1203854.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1203854.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1203854.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1203854.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                50277                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              222281764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                50533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4398.744662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   202.404125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    53.595875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.790641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.209359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16427212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16427212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3161316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3161316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7470                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7470                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7419                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7419                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     19588528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       19588528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     19588528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      19588528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       177694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       177983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       177983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       177983                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       177983                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  78669186750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78669186750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     24934772                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24934772                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  78694121522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78694121522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  78694121522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78694121522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16604906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16604906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3161605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3161605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7470                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7470                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7419                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7419                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     19766511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19766511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     19766511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19766511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 442722.808592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442722.808592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 86279.487889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86279.487889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 442144.033543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442144.033543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 442144.033543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442144.033543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            5883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       127482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       127705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       127705                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127705                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        50212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        50278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        50278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15916820532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15916820532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4285996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4285996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15921106528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15921106528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15921106528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15921106528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 316992.363021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316992.363021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64939.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64939.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 316661.492661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316661.492661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 316661.492661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316661.492661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              517.186964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1008499349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1946909.940154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    42.186964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.067607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11586878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11586878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11586878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11586878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11586878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11586878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     83349071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83349071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     83349071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83349071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     83349071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83349071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11586940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11586940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11586940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11586940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11586940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11586940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1344339.854839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1344339.854839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1344339.854839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1344339.854839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1344339.854839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1344339.854839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64616812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64616812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64616812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64616812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64616812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64616812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1502716.558140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1502716.558140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1502716.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1502716.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1502716.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1502716.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                38963                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              165350908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                39219                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4216.091894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.519151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.480849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7975624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7975624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6716272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6716272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17242                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17242                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14691896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       14691896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14691896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      14691896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       124911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          890                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          890                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       125801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       125801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       125801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       125801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  42089819756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42089819756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     75357239                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75357239                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  42165176995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42165176995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  42165176995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42165176995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8100535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8100535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6717162                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6717162                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17242                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17242                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14817697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14817697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14817697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14817697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 336958.472480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336958.472480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 84671.055056                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84671.055056                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 335173.623381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335173.623381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 335173.623381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335173.623381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8795                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8795                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        86098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        86098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        86838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        86838                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86838                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        38813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        38963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        38963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11243136042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11243136042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9711752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9711752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11252847794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11252847794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11252847794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11252847794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 289674.491588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289674.491588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64745.013333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64745.013333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 288808.556682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288808.556682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 288808.556682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288808.556682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              527.382949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1013329628                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1915556.952741                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.382949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.059909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10661947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10661947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10661947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       10661947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10661947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      10661947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70683499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70683499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70683499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70683499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70683499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70683499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10662009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10662009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10662009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     10662009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10662009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     10662009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1140056.435484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1140056.435484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1140056.435484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1140056.435484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1140056.435484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1140056.435484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     48060501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48060501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     48060501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48060501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     48060501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48060501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1232320.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1232320.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1232320.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1232320.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1232320.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1232320.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                62785                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              178921951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                63041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2838.183896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.065552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.934448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.914319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.085681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7387064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7387064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6117648                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6117648                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17560                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17560                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14271                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14271                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     13504712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       13504712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     13504712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      13504712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       163870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       163870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          829                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          829                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       164699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       164699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       164699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       164699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  72391197575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72391197575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    334882041                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    334882041                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  72726079616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72726079616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  72726079616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72726079616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7550934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7550934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6118477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6118477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17560                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17560                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        14271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     13669411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13669411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     13669411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13669411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 441759.916855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441759.916855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 403959.036188                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 403959.036188                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 441569.648972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441569.648972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 441569.648972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441569.648972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7251                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            7251                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       101202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       101914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       101914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       101914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       101914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        62668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        62785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        62785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  28414985695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28414985695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     32665278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32665278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  28447650973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28447650973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  28447650973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28447650973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453420.975538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453420.975538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 279190.410256                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 279190.410256                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453096.296456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453096.296456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453096.296456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453096.296456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              559.183063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              927898731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1648132.737123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.965302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.217761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.054432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11171286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11171286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11171286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11171286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11171286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11171286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     44142115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44142115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     44142115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44142115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     44142115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44142115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11171334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11171334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11171334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11171334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11171334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11171334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 919627.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919627.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 919627.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 919627.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 919627.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 919627.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     38723819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38723819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     38723819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38723819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     38723819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38723819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1075661.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1075661.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1075661.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1075661.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1075661.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1075661.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                50321                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              222292495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                50577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4395.130099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   201.825854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    54.174146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.788382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.211618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16436236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16436236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3163010                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3163010                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7479                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7479                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19599246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       19599246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19599246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      19599246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       177823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       178120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       178120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       178120                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       178120                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  78446987630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78446987630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     25522583                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25522583                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  78472510213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78472510213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  78472510213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78472510213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16614059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16614059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3163307                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3163307                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7479                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7479                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19777366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19777366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19777366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19777366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 441152.087357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441152.087357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 85934.622896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85934.622896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 440559.792348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440559.792348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 440559.792348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440559.792348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            5963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       127568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       127798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       127798                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127798                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        50255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        50322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        50322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15910199219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15910199219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4350106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4350106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15914549325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15914549325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15914549325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15914549325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316589.378549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316589.378549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64926.955224                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64926.955224                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316254.308752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316254.308752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316254.308752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316254.308752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              495.482242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1011916791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2040154.820565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    40.482242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.064875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11908691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11908691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11908691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11908691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11908691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11908691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    139616370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    139616370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    139616370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    139616370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    139616370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    139616370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11908751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11908751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11908751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11908751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11908751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11908751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2326939.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2326939.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2326939.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2326939.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2326939.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2326939.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1258160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       629080                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91974561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91974561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91974561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91974561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91974561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91974561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2243281.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2243281.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2243281.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2243281.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2243281.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2243281.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                35296                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              163367034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                35552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4595.157347                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.471677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.528323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.911999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.088001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9504955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9504955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7060241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7060241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18268                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18268                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17175                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17175                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     16565196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       16565196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     16565196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      16565196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        90664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        92753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        92753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        92753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        92753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  20573026431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20573026431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    134405435                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134405435                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  20707431866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20707431866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  20707431866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20707431866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      9595619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9595619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7062330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7062330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        18268                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18268                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17175                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17175                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     16657949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16657949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     16657949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16657949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 226915.053726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226915.053726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64339.605074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64339.605074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 223253.499790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223253.499790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 223253.499790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223253.499790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11669                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  2917.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8379                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            8379                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        55574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        57457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        57457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        35090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        35296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        35296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8585489096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8585489096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     15042283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15042283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8600531379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8600531379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8600531379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8600531379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 244670.535651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244670.535651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 73020.791262                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73020.791262                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 243668.726740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243668.726740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 243668.726740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243668.726740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              578.867183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1038149926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1768568.868825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    37.822274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.044909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.060613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.867059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10434605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10434605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10434605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       10434605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10434605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      10434605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    119980959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    119980959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    119980959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    119980959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    119980959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    119980959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10434668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10434668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10434668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     10434668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10434668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     10434668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1904459.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1904459.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1904459.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1904459.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1904459.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1904459.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76092                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76092                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91648995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91648995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91648995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91648995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91648995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91648995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2082931.704545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2082931.704545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2082931.704545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2082931.704545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2082931.704545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2082931.704545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                71169                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              443010374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                71425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              6202.455359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.900451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.099549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.437111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.562889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     27307708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27307708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14952865                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14952865                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7294                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7294                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     42260573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       42260573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     42260573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      42260573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       260888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       260888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       261151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       261151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       261151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       261151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 129400938434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 129400938434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    221082096                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    221082096                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 129622020530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 129622020530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 129622020530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 129622020530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     27568596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27568596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14953128                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14953128                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7294                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7294                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     42521724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42521724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     42521724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42521724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 496001.879864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 496001.879864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 840616.334601                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 840616.334601                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 496348.934256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 496348.934256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 496348.934256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 496348.934256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           12294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       189786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       189786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       189982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       189982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       189982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       189982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        71102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        71169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        71169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34133344339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34133344339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     61995932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61995932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34195340271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34195340271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34195340271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34195340271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 480061.662668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480061.662668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 925312.417910                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 925312.417910                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 480480.831134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480480.831134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 480480.831134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480480.831134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              526.696707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1013354430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1915603.837429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    36.696707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.058809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10686749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10686749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10686749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       10686749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10686749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      10686749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65274812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65274812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65274812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     65274812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65274812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     65274812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10686809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10686809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10686809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     10686809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10686809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     10686809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1087913.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1087913.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1087913.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1087913.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1087913.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1087913.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     41641827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41641827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     41641827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41641827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     41641827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41641827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1067739.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1067739.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1067739.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1067739.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1067739.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1067739.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                62945                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              178961314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                63201                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2831.621557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.072205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.927795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.914345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.085655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7407836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7407836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6135988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6135988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     13543824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       13543824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     13543824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      13543824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       164462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          853                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          853                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       165315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       165315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       165315                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       165315                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  71751570972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  71751570972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    334614575                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    334614575                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  72086185547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72086185547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  72086185547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72086185547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7572298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7572298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6136841                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6136841                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        14316                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14316                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     13709139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13709139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     13709139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13709139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 436280.544880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436280.544880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 392279.689332                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 392279.689332                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 436053.507226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436053.507226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 436053.507226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436053.507226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       889697                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 296565.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            7270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       101634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       102370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       102370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28270549441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28270549441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     29639287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29639287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28300188728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28300188728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28300188728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28300188728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 449967.362338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449967.362338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 253327.239316                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253327.239316                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 449601.854444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449601.854444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 449601.854444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449601.854444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              528.473903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1013351023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1908382.340866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    39.387571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   489.086332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.063121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10683342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10683342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10683342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       10683342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10683342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      10683342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    100104033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100104033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    100104033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100104033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    100104033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100104033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10683411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10683411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10683411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     10683411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10683411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     10683411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1450783.086957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1450783.086957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1450783.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1450783.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1450783.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1450783.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       129104                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       129104                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65458414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65458414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65458414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65458414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65458414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65458414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1596546.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1596546.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1596546.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1596546.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1596546.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1596546.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                62866                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              178950678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                63122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2834.996958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.066773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.933227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.914323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.085677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7402587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7402587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6130599                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6130599                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17782                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17782                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14302                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14302                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13533186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       13533186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13533186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      13533186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       164626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          807                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          807                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       165433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       165433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       165433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       165433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  72204963205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72204963205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    292436948                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    292436948                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  72497400153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72497400153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  72497400153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72497400153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7567213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7567213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6131406                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6131406                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17782                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17782                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        14302                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14302                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     13698619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13698619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     13698619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13698619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438599.997601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438599.997601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 362375.400248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 362375.400248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438228.165801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438228.165801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438228.165801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438228.165801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7261                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            7261                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       101877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       102567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       102567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28206411355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28206411355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     28924834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28924834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28235336189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28235336189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28235336189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28235336189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 449511.726960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449511.726960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 247220.803419                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247220.803419                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 449135.243041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449135.243041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 449135.243041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449135.243041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              580.403152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1038184108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1774673.688889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    39.324968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.078184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.063021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10468787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10468787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10468787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       10468787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10468787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      10468787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    115155213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115155213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    115155213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    115155213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    115155213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    115155213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10468851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10468851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10468851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     10468851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10468851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     10468851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1799300.203125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1799300.203125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1799300.203125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1799300.203125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1799300.203125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1799300.203125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       695405                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 347702.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     84947434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84947434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     84947434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84947434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     84947434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84947434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2022557.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2022557.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2022557.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2022557.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2022557.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2022557.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                71386                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              443147747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                71642                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              6185.585927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.900259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.099741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.437110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.562890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     27395344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27395344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15002559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15002559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7336                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7336                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     42397903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       42397903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     42397903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      42397903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       261579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       261848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       261848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       261848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       261848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 127938356545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 127938356545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    241698836                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    241698836                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 128180055381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128180055381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 128180055381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128180055381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     27656923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27656923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15002828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15002828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7336                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7336                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7318                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7318                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     42659751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42659751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     42659751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42659751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 489100.258603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489100.258603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 898508.684015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 898508.684015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 489520.849428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 489520.849428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 489520.849428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 489520.849428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1246442                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1246442                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12342                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           12342                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       190257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       190460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       190460                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190460                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        71322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        71388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        71388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  33746042985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33746042985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     62756856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62756856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  33808799841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33808799841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  33808799841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33808799841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 473150.542399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473150.542399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 950861.454545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 950861.454545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 473592.198143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473592.198143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 473592.198143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473592.198143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
