
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.009428                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9427646088                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               522036848976                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 402541                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   512222                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 243398                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67608204                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 38733.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15591842117                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19840163466                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       415488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       355968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       255616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       237440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       244864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       179584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       232192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       252928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       420352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       352256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       349824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       240000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       229504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       238336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       231424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       145920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4452736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1461632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1461632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2781                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1814                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2752                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1793                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 34787                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           11419                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                11419                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       448044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     44071234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       502352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     37757887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       434467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     27113449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       475198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     25185502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       502352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     25972973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       556661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     19048657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       475198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24628841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       380159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     26828330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       448044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     44587164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       515929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     37364152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       488775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     37106187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       475198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     25457044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       461621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     24343722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       461621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     25280542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       448044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     24547379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       461621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     15477883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               472306232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       448044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       502352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       434467                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       475198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       502352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       556661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       475198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       380159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       448044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       515929                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       488775                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       475198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       461621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       461621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       448044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       461621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            7535285                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         155036791                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              155036791                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         155036791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       448044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     44071234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       502352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     37757887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       434467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     27113449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       475198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     25185502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       502352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     25972973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       556661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     19048657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       475198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24628841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       380159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     26828330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       448044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     44587164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       515929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     37364152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       488775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     37106187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       475198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     25457044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       461621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     24343722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       461621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     25280542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       448044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     24547379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       461621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     15477883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              627343023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               22608265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        1759771                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1587584                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94061                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       652986                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         627568                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96913                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4133                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18630671                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11064670                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           1759771                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       724481                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2187432                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        296512                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       443021                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1071308                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94367                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     21461232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       19273800     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          77932      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         160335      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          66340      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         363380      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         322926      1.50%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          62395      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         131299      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1002825      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     21461232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077838                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.489408                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       18522533                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       552605                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2179023                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         7195                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       199870                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       154580                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     12973310                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1455                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       199870                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       18542300                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        393529                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        98404                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2167911                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        59212                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     12965656                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24989                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        21474                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          498                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     15230039                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     61062504                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     61062504                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     13472728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1757302                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1512                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          768                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          150038                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      3055763                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      1544518                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14166                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        75017                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         12938565                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1516                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12429161                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6966                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1019341                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2448383                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21461232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17044954     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1322443      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1086171      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       468246      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       594992      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       575187      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327218      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25741      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16280      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21461232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31460     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244805     86.37%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7167      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7801127     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108550      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2978121     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540619     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12429161                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.549762                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283432                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022804                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46609952                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13959768                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12320693                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12712593                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22358                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       121420                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          348                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10203                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       199870                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        360538                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16713                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12940089                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          187                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3055763                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544518                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          768                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11267                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          348                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53925                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56293                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       110218                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12340723                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2967700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88438                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            4508163                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1616540                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          1540463                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.545850                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12321168                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12320693                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         6655377                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        13120315                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.544964                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.507257                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11751448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1189881                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        95909                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21261362                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17000065     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1555180      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       729904      3.43%     90.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       721090      3.39%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195501      0.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       838076      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62998      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45566      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       112982      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21261362                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11751448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              4468658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2934343                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1551995                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        10449669                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       113801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       112982                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           34089683                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          26082569                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                409984                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1147033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11751448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.260826                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.260826                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.442316                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.442316                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       61000955                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      14313884                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      15439702                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               22608265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1834816                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1500682                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       180382                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       751395                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         720769                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         188033                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8079                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17780357                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10414575                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1834816                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       908802                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2181336                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        526369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       321086                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1094958                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181579                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     20624801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       18443465     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         118413      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         186011      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         297739      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         122662      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         136746      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         146532      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          95844      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1077389      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     20624801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081157                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460653                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       17616445                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       486719                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2174130                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         5755                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       341749                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       300481                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12716157                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1633                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       341749                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       17644575                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        156670                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       249826                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2152363                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        79615                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12707209                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         2033                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        21438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        30212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4600                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     17638569                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     59110296                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     59110296                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     15017165                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2621376                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3242                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1789                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          238617                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1212532                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       650700                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19165                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       148087                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         12686717                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3251                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        11992876                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15151                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1637321                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3656070                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          320                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20624801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15572349     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2025503      9.82%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1108045      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756663      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       708155      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       203553      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159796      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53763      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36974      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20624801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2847     12.43%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9126     39.85%     52.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10926     47.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10046583     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       189798      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1452      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1108324      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       646719      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     11992876                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530464                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22899                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001909                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44648600                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14327444                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11796916                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12015775                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35937                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       221183                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           30                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20523                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          769                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       341749                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        108015                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10690                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12689990                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3551                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1212532                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       650700                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1787                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7825                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104615                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103780                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       208395                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11820095                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1042539                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       172778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1688968                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1662448                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           646429                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522822                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             11797119                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            11796916                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6898585                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        18028385                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521797                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382651                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8821688                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     10813185                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1876818                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2931                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       183961                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20283052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15891013     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2128303     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       828775      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444804      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       333801      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       186162      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       115896      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102854      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251444      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20283052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8821688                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     10813185                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1621523                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              991346                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1462                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1552151                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         9743520                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       219669                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       251444                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           32721546                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          25721807                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                288770                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1983464                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8821688                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            10813185                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8821688                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.562805                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.562805                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390197                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390197                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       53298586                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      16352108                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      11858749                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         2928                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               22608265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1703719                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1528952                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135759                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1153184                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1135147                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96979                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         3975                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18130661                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              9691007                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1703719                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1232126                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2161614                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        451302                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       276245                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1097049                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       132923                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     20883337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.753624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       18721723     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         338410      1.62%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         160610      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         333494      1.60%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          98138      0.47%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         310639      1.49%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          46198      0.22%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          74556      0.36%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         799569      3.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     20883337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075358                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.428649                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       17852961                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       558264                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2157249                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1767                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       313092                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       153903                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1725                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     10781919                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4219                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       313092                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       17883932                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        354998                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       111522                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2129689                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        90100                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     10764726                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8308                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        75475                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     14045484                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     48687735                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     48687735                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     11330168                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2715290                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1376                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          699                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          182750                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1997501                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       300699                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2645                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        68344                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         10708492                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1380                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        10008867                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6464                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1979248                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4058122                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20883337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16484534     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1366498      6.54%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1499143      7.18%     92.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       864029      4.14%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       431406      2.07%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       107987      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124249      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2985      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2506      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20883337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16069     56.82%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6805     24.06%     80.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5409     19.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7813817     78.07%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74806      0.75%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          678      0.01%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1821637     18.20%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       297929      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     10008867                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.442708                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28283                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002826                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40935818                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12689151                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9753583                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     10037150                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7873                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       412766                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8073                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       313092                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        226385                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11248                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10709881                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          426                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1997501                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300699                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          697                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3706                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          253                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91186                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        52469                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       143655                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9885734                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1796870                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       123133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2094772                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1508192                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           297902                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.437262                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              9755920                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             9753583                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         5914460                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        12649068                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.431417                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.467581                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7785669                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      8716439                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1993921                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1367                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       134739                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20570245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423740                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17351207     84.35%     84.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1246728      6.06%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       818871      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254464      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       433565      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80093      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51373      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45938      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       288006      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20570245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      7785669                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      8716439                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1877358                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1584732                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1342194                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         7602118                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       104196                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       288006                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           30992573                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          21734098                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                408236                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1724928                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           7785669                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             8716439                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      7785669                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.903831                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.903831                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.344373                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.344373                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       46034570                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      12656567                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      11538284                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1366                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               22608265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1835645                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1504953                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182624                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       770498                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         715937                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187786                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8065                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17544280                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             10438418                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1835645                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       903723                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2295607                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        518265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       580349                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1082979                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181087                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     20752950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       18457343     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         247815      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         286835      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         158091      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         183251      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         100902      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          67906      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         177667      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1073140      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     20752950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081194                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461708                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       17403364                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       724422                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2277422                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        16933                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       330806                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       297888                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         1909                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12745240                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         9996                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       330806                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       17430076                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        223129                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       425716                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2268567                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        74653                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12736017                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        18880                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        35305                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     17697757                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     59301855                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     59301855                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     15082153                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2615604                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3447                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1975                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          204407                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1220563                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       662265                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17552                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       145908                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12715148                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3455                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12007208                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16831                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1608378                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3723914                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          493                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20752950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15694345     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2033441      9.80%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1093181      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       758360      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661219      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       339094      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        80727      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53047      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39536      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20752950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2959     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11635     44.26%     55.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11691     44.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10050191     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187471      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1468      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1111011      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       657067      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12007208                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.531098                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26285                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002189                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44810482                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14327109                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11805699                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12033493                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30295                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       221087                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           87                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          130                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15537                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          734                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       330806                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        180215                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12071                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12718621                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1220563                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       662265                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1976                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8577                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          130                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105378                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       102816                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       208194                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11828454                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1042844                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178754                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1699700                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1654306                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           656856                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.523192                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             11805984                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            11805699                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7017597                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        18386439                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.522185                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381672                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8857617                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     10866365                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1852351                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2962                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       183560                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20422144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15983817     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2057959     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       863093      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       517410      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       358869      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231721      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120740      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96811      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191724      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20422144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      8857617                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     10866365                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1646204                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              999476                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1555047                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         9796438                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       220982                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       191724                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           32949071                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          25768253                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                271443                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1855315                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           8857617                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            10866365                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      8857617                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.552409                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.552409                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.391787                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.391787                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       53355554                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      16386703                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      11891215                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         2958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               22608265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1833696                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1503577                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182480                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       775067                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         716122                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187554                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8149                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17534219                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             10423568                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1833696                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       903676                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2292283                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        516967                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       583622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1081970                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       180862                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     20741709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       18449426     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         247388      1.19%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         286518      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         157808      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         183297      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         100692      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          68397      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         177736      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1070447      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     20741709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081107                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461051                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       17392829                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       728137                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2273885                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        17191                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       329664                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       297392                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         1923                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     12724352                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         9966                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       329664                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       17419431                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        238847                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       413015                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2265482                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        75267                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     12715541                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           45                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        19322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        35368                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     17668050                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     59203691                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     59203691                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     15069536                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2598440                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3393                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1922                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          203525                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1217235                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       661052                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       145944                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         12696451                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3397                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        11994110                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17011                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1597522                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3692160                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          437                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20741709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15687305     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2033415      9.80%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1092209      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       755940      3.64%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661219      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       338104      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81174      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52727      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39616      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20741709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3126     11.94%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11384     43.48%     55.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11670     44.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10039900     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187317      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1466      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1109364      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       656063      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     11994110                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.530519                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26180                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002183                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44773120                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14297501                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11794175                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12020290                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30066                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       218544                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          135                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14843                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          734                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       329664                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        195453                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12425                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12699865                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          506                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1217235                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       661052                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1919                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8744                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          135                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105612                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       102264                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       207876                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11816832                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1041944                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       177278                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1697823                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1652789                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           655879                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.522678                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             11794435                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            11794175                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7009422                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        18364260                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.521675                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381688                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8850268                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     10857375                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1842547                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2959                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       183374                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20412045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15976762     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2056600     10.08%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       862482      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       517619      2.54%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       358164      1.75%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231855      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120373      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96735      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191455      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20412045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      8850268                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     10857375                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1644876                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              998676                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1476                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1553769                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         9788340                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       220805                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       191455                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           32920447                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          25729599                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                270955                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1866556                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           8850268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            10857375                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      8850268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.554529                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.554529                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.391462                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.391462                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       53304920                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      16368709                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      11874755                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         2956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               22608265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1863762                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1524928                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183654                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       773951                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         732235                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191844                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8331                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17928407                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             10417800                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1863762                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       924079                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2173216                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        501835                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       425774                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1098505                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       183641                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     20843204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       18669988     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         100702      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         160090      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         216892      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         224494      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         190302      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         106576      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         158271      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1015889      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     20843204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082437                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.460796                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       17745221                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       610795                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2169023                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2580                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       315582                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       306579                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          226                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12783692                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1334                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       315582                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       17794301                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        130671                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       367732                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2123138                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       111777                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12778381                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        15243                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        48694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     17828161                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     59439826                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     59439826                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     15432027                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2396134                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3176                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1658                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          334859                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1197660                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       647270                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7605                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       213562                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12762588                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3187                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12110641                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1805                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1427160                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3422226                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20843204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15672985     75.19%     75.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2161984     10.37%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1084637      5.20%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       787916      3.78%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       623992      2.99%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       256352      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160405      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        83987      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10946      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20843204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2527     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7576     37.60%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10047     49.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10186353     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180605      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1517      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1097154      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645012      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12110641                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.535673                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20150                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45086441                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14192992                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11928629                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12130791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24869                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       195181                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9552                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       315582                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        104984                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11331                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12765800                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          668                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1197660                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       647270                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1659                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9601                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106146                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103914                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       210060                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11943932                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1032826                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       166709                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1677784                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1696664                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           644958                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.528299                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11928751                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11928629                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6848118                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        18455559                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.527622                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371060                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8995847                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11069117                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1696690                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3059                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       185763                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20527622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15947897     77.69%     77.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2289334     11.15%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       846406      4.12%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       405147      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       364405      1.78%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       196875      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       156531      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        77867      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243160      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20527622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8995847                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11069117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1640197                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1002479                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1526                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1596184                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         9973103                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       227909                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       243160                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           33050204                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          25847209                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                273773                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1765061                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8995847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11069117                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8995847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.513189                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.513189                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.397901                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.397901                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       53754129                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16616724                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      11848656                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3056                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               22608265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1833865                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1504364                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182776                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       775869                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         716907                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187103                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8050                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17544134                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10427559                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1833865                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       904010                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2294153                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        517448                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       578017                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1083011                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181271                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     20748050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       18453897     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         247386      1.19%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         288346      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         157980      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         184130      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         100364      0.48%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          68063      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         176777      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1071107      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     20748050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081115                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461228                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       17402518                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       722850                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2275973                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        16863                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       329843                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       296767                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         1904                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12726200                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        10032                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       329843                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       17429428                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        230877                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       415761                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2266904                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        75234                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12717277                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        19353                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        35420                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     17673787                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     59215836                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     59215836                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     15075023                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2598760                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3425                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1951                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          203878                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1216305                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       661120                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17503                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       145247                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12696615                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3428                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11991160                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15896                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1597998                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3699560                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          466                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20748050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15691528     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2037259      9.82%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1092045      5.26%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       755613      3.64%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       660441      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337632      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81101      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53006      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39425      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20748050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2979     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11349     43.58%     55.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11713     44.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10038772     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187398      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1467      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1107719      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       655804      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11991160                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530388                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26041                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002172                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44772303                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14298178                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11792150                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12017201                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30361                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217311                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14710                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          733                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       329843                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        187856                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12288                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12700063                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3546                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1216305                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       661120                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1949                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8547                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106101                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       102532                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       208633                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11813935                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1041091                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       177221                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1696684                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1652755                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           655593                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522549                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11792407                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11792150                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7010882                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        18364581                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521586                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381761                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8853443                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     10861171                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1839064                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2962                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       183712                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20418207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15980921     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2057469     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       862991      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       517344      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359228      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231705      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120763      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96615      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191171      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20418207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8853443                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     10861171                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1645404                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              998994                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1554287                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         9791753                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       220866                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       191171                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           32927206                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          25730335                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                271490                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1860215                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8853443                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            10861171                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8853443                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.553613                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.553613                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.391602                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.391602                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       53294297                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16368735                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      11878389                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         2958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               22608265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1702924                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1528480                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135518                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1150128                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1135704                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96920                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         3993                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18135486                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              9689374                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1702924                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1232624                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2161347                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        450359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       278025                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1097018                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       132740                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     20888976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.516960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.753037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       18727629     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         338366      1.62%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         160285      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         333491      1.60%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          98665      0.47%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         310800      1.49%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          46381      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          74469      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         798890      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     20888976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.075323                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.428577                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       17860600                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       557217                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2157036                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1720                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       312399                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       153612                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         1720                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     10779265                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         4198                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       312399                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       17891235                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        356180                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       110229                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2129676                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        89253                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     10762383                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         8212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        74655                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     14042040                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     48676354                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     48676354                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     11332347                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2709673                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1379                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          702                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          181313                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1996625                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       300584                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2464                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        68448                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         10706370                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1385                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        10009495                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6500                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1975395                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4044259                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20888976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16489074     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1367145      6.54%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1500016      7.18%     92.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       864056      4.14%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       431035      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       107828      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124390      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2926      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2506      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20888976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16077     56.81%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6819     24.09%     80.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5405     19.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7814184     78.07%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74823      0.75%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          678      0.01%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1821967     18.20%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       297843      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     10009495                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.442736                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28301                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002827                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40942767                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12683181                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9754286                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     10037796                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7230                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       411339                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7955                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       312399                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        229159                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11011                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10707761                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          407                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1996625                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300584                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          701                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3593                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          258                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91420                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        51960                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       143380                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9886758                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1797399                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       122737                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2095218                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1508059                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           297819                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.437307                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              9756616                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             9754286                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         5914791                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        12650190                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.431448                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.467565                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7787516                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      8718286                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1989959                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       134500                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20576577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423700                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17355847     84.35%     84.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1247818      6.06%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       819284      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254343      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       433682      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80639      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51284      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46196      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       287484      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20576577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      7787516                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      8718286                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1877910                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1585281                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1342507                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         7603654                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       104197                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       287484                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           30997312                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          21729160                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                407937                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1719289                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           7787516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             8718286                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      7787516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.903142                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.903142                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.344454                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.344454                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       46040654                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      12656772                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      11536769                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               22608265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1758045                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1585963                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94107                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       655587                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         627125                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96662                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4133                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18623570                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11055427                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1758045                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       723787                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2185459                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        295748                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       441128                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1070975                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94440                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     21449474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604708                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932893                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       19264015     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          77702      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         159696      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          66432      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         363225      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         323132      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          62696      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         131059      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1001517      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     21449474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077761                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.488999                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       18515868                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       550255                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2177135                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         7129                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       199081                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       154525                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          236                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12962125                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1453                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       199081                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       18535557                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        391524                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        98205                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2166024                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        59077                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12954390                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        24845                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        21490                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          613                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     15214191                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     61010449                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     61010449                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     13466488                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        1747703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1511                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          766                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          149632                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3053959                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1544177                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        13992                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        75196                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         12927304                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1515                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12421179                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6591                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1013108                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2429728                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21449474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17036071     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1322045      6.16%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1084720      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       468075      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       594648      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       574756      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327144      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25887      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16128      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21449474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31513     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244685     86.34%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7185      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7795224     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108224      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          743      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2976599     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540389     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12421179                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.549409                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283383                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022815                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46581806                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13942268                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12313558                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12704562                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22310                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120048                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          342                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10132                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1104                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       199081                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        359030                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16501                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12928829                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3053959                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544177                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          767                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11136                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          342                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54018                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56211                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       110229                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12333229                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2966616                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87950                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            4506829                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1615785                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1540213                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.545519                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12314025                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12313558                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6649980                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        13107665                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.544649                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507335                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9996345                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11746895                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1183202                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        95944                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21250393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16991484     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1553840      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       729323      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720685      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195672      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       837979      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62981      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45547      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       112882      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21250393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9996345                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11746895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              4467956                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             2933911                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1551312                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10445576                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       113703                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       112882                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           34067582                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          26059307                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                410127                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1158791                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9996345                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11746895                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9996345                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.261653                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.261653                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.442154                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.442154                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       60966762                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      14302951                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      15429592                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               22608265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1834852                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1501128                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       180863                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       752444                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         720558                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187625                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8062                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17776679                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             10411534                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1834852                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       908183                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2180279                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        528634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       318107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1095030                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       182060                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     20618888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       18438609     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         118629      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         184951      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         296621      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         123465      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         137355      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         146255      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          95753      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1077250      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     20618888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081158                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.460519                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       17612424                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       484039                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2173025                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         5849                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       343548                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       300114                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     12714286                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1646                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       343548                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       17640505                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        155607                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       249120                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2151356                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        78749                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     12704813                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         2310                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        21555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        30063                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3779                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     17632679                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     59099890                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     59099890                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     15000234                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2632445                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3245                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1793                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          238629                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1213428                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       650155                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19214                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       148183                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         12683619                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3252                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        11983036                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15254                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1647621                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3687104                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          325                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20618888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15570392     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2023741      9.81%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1108263      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       754406      3.66%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       708677      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       203388      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159162      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53941      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36918      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20618888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2864     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9122     39.80%     52.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10932     47.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10039085     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       189493      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1450      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1107048      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645960      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     11983036                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.530029                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22918                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001913                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44623132                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14334642                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11786571                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12005954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36207                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       223205                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           19                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20698                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          786                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       343548                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        106439                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10606                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12686902                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3522                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1213428                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       650155                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1790                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7781                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104539                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104261                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       208800                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11809955                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1041581                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       173081                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  31                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1687174                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1660580                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           645593                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522373                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             11786803                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            11786571                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6892782                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        18020675                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.521339                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382493                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8811724                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     10800992                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1885941                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2927                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       184425                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20275340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15889165     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2124728     10.48%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       828370      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       443731      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       333782      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       185610      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       115991      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102497      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251466      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20275340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      8811724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     10800992                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1619680                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              990223                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1460                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1550411                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         9732516                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       219420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       251466                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           32710742                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          25717443                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                289452                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1989377                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           8811724                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            10800992                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      8811724                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.565703                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.565703                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.389757                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.389757                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       53253730                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      16337914                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      11853964                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         2924                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               22608265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1831636                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1498226                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       180878                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       755293                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         720333                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187960                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8051                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17787425                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10397795                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1831636                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       908293                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2176864                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        526543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       315987                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1095274                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       182008                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     20622002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       18445138     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         117128      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         185494      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         296685      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         122760      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         137130      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         146914      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          96467      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1074286      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     20622002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081016                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.459911                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       17623327                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       481755                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2169725                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         5737                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       341455                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       299812                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12695152                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       341455                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       17651019                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        153568                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       247765                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2148391                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        79801                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12687200                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents         2066                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        21423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        30406                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4546                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     17610976                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     59017508                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     59017508                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     15003878                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2607062                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3215                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1764                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          239173                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1209554                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       649709                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19143                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       147091                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         12668424                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3225                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        11979688                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15242                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1625802                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3630261                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          299                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20622002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15574027     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2025808      9.82%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1106131      5.36%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       754413      3.66%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       708000      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       203229      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159657      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53604      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37133      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20622002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2836     12.61%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8752     38.91%     51.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10906     48.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10036299     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       189335      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1450      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1107098      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645506      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     11979688                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.529881                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22494                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001878                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44619114                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14297599                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11784544                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12002182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35793                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219061                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20088                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          775                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       341455                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        105739                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10603                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12671670                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1209554                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       649709                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1764                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7749                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          154                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105399                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103339                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       208738                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11807383                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1041086                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       172305                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1686283                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1659908                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           645197                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.522260                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             11784755                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            11784544                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6888858                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        18005380                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.521249                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382600                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8813922                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     10803684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1867965                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2926                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       184440                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20280547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15892365     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2125715     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       829063      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444095      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       333353      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       186619      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       115549      0.57%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102547      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251241      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20280547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8813922                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     10803684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1620106                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              990487                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1460                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1550778                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         9734984                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       219484                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       251241                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           32700890                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          25684824                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                289269                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1986263                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8813922                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            10803684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8813922                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.565063                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.565063                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.389854                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.389854                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       53245227                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16334623                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      11839827                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         2922                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               22608265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1832149                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1502745                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182133                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       775450                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         716465                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187275                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8078                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17551305                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10418912                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1832149                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       903740                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2292499                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        514315                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       592994                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1082531                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       180679                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     20766031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       18473532     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         246924      1.19%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         288299      1.39%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         157937      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         183976      0.89%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         100199      0.48%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          67928      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         176997      0.85%     94.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1070239      5.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     20766031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081039                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.460845                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       17410137                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       737275                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2274669                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        16624                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       327323                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       296639                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1912                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12718393                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        10080                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       327323                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       17436111                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        220475                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       441746                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2266248                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        74125                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12709804                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        18944                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        35130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     17666659                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     59182919                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     59182919                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15090029                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2576599                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3370                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1901                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          200906                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1215272                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       661292                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17634                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       145311                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12689832                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3379                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        11994328                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15734                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1578435                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3653657                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          417                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20766031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15707610     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2038248      9.82%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1091440      5.26%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       757409      3.65%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       660935      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337096      1.62%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        80929      0.39%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52733      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39631      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20766031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2985     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11326     43.51%     54.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11721     45.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10040411     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187634      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1468      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1108693      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       656122      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     11994328                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.530528                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26032                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002170                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44796453                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14271778                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11796620                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12020360                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30567                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215251                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           74                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14223                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          734                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       327323                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        178399                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11985                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12693229                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           40                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1215272                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       661292                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1900                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8366                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105937                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101795                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       207732                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11817875                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1042125                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       176453                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1698030                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1653632                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           655905                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.522724                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             11796877                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            11796620                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7012438                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        18363859                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.521784                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381861                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8862254                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     10872086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1821307                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2962                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       183085                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20438708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15997108     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2059428     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       863708      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       517778      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359904      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231828      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120767      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96946      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191241      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20438708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8862254                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     10872086                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1647082                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1000016                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1555870                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         9801605                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       221104                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       191241                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           32940795                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          25714151                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                270710                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1842234                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8862254                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            10872086                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8862254                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.551074                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.551074                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.391992                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.391992                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       53313730                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16374503                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      11871405                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         2958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               22608265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1834189                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1503314                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       181992                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       775492                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         716823                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187707                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8127                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17560529                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             10434099                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1834189                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       904530                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2295235                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        515330                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       584917                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1083327                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       180630                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     20771052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       18475817     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         247773      1.19%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         287570      1.38%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         158284      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         183018      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         100820      0.49%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          68340      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         177570      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1071860      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     20771052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081129                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461517                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       17417853                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       730675                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2277272                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        16788                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       328461                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       298137                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         1914                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     12737898                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         9989                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       328461                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       17444479                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        213348                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       442148                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2268435                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        74178                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     12729517                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           36                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        18421                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        35261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     17689531                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     59275871                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     59275871                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     15099529                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2590002                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1879                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          203173                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1217404                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       662972                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17546                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       145525                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         12708584                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3359                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12010014                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15858                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1590443                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3672157                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          394                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20771052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15709033     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2037408      9.81%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1092924      5.26%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       758359      3.65%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661036      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       338507      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81173      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52932      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39680      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20771052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3012     11.52%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11371     43.48%     55.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11768     45.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10052549     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187807      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1469      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1110351      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       657838      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12010014                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.531222                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26151                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002177                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44833089                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14302527                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11810733                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12036165                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30366                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216810                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          145                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15527                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          734                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       328461                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        171761                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11843                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12711963                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3128                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1217404                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       662972                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1879                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8441                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          145                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105239                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       102080                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       207319                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11832554                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1043067                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       177460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1700713                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1655336                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           657646                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.523373                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             11811007                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            11810733                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7020093                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        18389264                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522408                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381750                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8867763                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     10878758                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1833329                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2965                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       182956                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20442591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15998647     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2060100     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       864247      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       518680      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359479      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       232362      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120664      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96882      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191530      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20442591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      8867763                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     10878758                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1648039                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1000594                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1556789                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         9807613                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       221223                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       191530                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           32963083                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          25752653                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                270925                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1837213                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           8867763                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            10878758                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      8867763                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.549489                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.549489                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.392235                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.392235                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       53379060                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16391887                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      11888554                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         2960                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               22608265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1831622                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1501610                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182192                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       776611                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         716208                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187739                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8072                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17547192                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             10418330                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1831622                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       903947                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2291890                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        514639                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       594665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1082528                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       180641                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     20763263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       18471373     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         247677      1.19%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         286125      1.38%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         158150      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         183967      0.89%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         100252      0.48%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          68586      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         177692      0.86%     94.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1069441      5.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     20763263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081016                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460820                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       17405613                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       739281                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2273993                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        16772                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       327601                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       297191                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         1916                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     12718429                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        10064                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       327601                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       17431680                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        218396                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       446368                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2265617                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        73598                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     12709853                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        18241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        35089                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     17663866                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     59182414                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     59182414                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     15086499                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2577367                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3463                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1989                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          201492                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1215745                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       661766                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17651                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       146123                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         12691670                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3466                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        11999032                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16635                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1581069                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3647284                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          504                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20763263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15706629     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2034185      9.80%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1092393      5.26%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       757627      3.65%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       660692      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       338193      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81080      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52745      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39719      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20763263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2961     11.37%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11342     43.57%     54.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11729     45.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10043373     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187630      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1468      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1109958      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       656603      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     11999032                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530737                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26032                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002170                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44803994                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14276333                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11800127                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12025064                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30434                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215997                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           71                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          131                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14875                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          734                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       327601                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        175592                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11714                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12695157                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           45                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1215745                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       661766                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1987                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8462                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          131                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106018                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101665                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       207683                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11822211                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1042534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       176821                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1698912                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1653732                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           656378                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.522915                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             11800377                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            11800127                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7012824                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        18367955                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.521939                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381797                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8860118                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     10869449                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1825858                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2962                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       183124                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20435662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15995271     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2058866     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       863708      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       518111      2.54%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       358545      1.75%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       232285      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120496      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96787      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191593      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20435662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      8860118                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     10869449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1646639                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              999748                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1555504                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         9799192                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       221040                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       191593                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           32939311                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          25718232                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                270913                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1845002                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           8860118                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            10869449                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      8860118                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.551689                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.551689                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.391897                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.391897                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       53331873                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      16378483                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      11870901                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         2958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               22608263                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1834037                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1504270                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182190                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       772758                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         716644                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187335                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8014                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17552555                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10429615                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1834037                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       903979                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2294988                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        515825                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       584438                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1082737                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       180749                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     20762698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       18467710     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         248033      1.19%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         288991      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         158095      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         182443      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         100422      0.48%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          68453      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         176398      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1072153      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     20762698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081122                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461319                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       17410006                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       730096                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2276447                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        17333                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       328813                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       297033                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1905                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12730872                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         9998                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       328813                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       17437344                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        229500                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       424109                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2267386                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        75543                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12721935                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        18577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        35926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     17683109                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     59238351                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     59238351                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     15093259                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2589850                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1887                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          206222                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1216576                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       661314                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17673                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       145585                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12700524                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3365                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12000267                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15870                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1588422                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3676490                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          399                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20762698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15703814     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2036777      9.81%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1092804      5.26%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756965      3.65%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       660933      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337274      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81752      0.39%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52659      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39720      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20762698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2968     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11246     43.34%     54.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11732     45.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10045592     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187507      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1469      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1109366      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       656333      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12000267                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530791                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25946                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002162                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44805048                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14292443                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11801275                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12026213                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30263                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216370                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           71                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14103                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          735                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       328813                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        186563                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12462                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12703909                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4090                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1216576                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       661314                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1884                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8970                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105627                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       102015                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       207642                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11823271                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1042493                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       176996                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1698625                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1653841                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           656132                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.522962                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11801528                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11801275                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7016385                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        18377356                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.521989                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381795                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8864190                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     10874350                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1829698                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2966                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       183117                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20433885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15991670     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2059702     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       863868      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       517916      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359407      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       232198      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120742      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96962      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191420      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20433885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8864190                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     10874350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1647417                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1000206                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1556150                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9803663                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       221139                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       191420                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           32946448                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          25736923                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                270688                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1845565                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8864190                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            10874350                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8864190                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.550517                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.550517                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.392077                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.392077                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       53338420                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16381588                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      11881899                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         2962                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               22608265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2045302                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1703053                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187983                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       775109                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         744820                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         219702                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8742                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17790814                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11220538                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2045302                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       964522                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2337266                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        524938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       610873                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1106789                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179722                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     21074192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       18736926     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         142499      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         180036      0.85%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         287245      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         121120      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         154464      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         180612      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          82978      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1188312      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     21074192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090467                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.496302                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       17685420                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       726556                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2326097                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1153                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       334958                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       310977                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13715861                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1608                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       334958                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       17703919                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         58025                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       617962                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2308705                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        50616                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13630791                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         7253                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        35150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19036436                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     63384213                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     63384213                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     15887831                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3148605                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3271                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1695                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          178969                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1278616                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       666464                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7557                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       151883                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13305611                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3283                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12751508                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13519                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1640288                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3355955                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          104                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21074192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605077                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15671248     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2465267     11.70%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1005990      4.77%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       564797      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       764778      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       236047      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       231884      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124229      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9952      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21074192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88382     79.03%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12038     10.76%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11410     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10742818     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       173893      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1576      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1169148      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       664073      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12751508                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.564020                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            111830                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008770                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46702557                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14949261                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12416907                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12863338                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9427                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245922                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10110                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       334958                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         44285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5610                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13308898                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10443                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1278616                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       666464                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1695                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4871                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110419                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106464                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       216883                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12527930                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1149821                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223578                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1813771                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1770855                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           663950                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.554131                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12417003                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12416907                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7439168                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        19989336                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.549220                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372157                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9243489                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11390194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1918736                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       189362                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20739234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15916059     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2445097     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       888359      4.28%     92.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       441885      2.13%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       403620      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169641      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168343      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79859      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226371      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20739234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9243489                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11390194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1689048                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1032694                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1650834                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10255061                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       235236                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       226371                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           33821728                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          26952828                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                272582                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1534073                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9243489                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11390194                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9243489                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.445858                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.445858                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.408854                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.408854                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       56368621                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      17351676                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12682004                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          34801                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.124552                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1192111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          67564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          17.644174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           337.333271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.121946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1409.264801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.816015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1115.161022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.222154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   863.992245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.452001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   806.296808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.609452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   818.142698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.486155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   586.844521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    21.557318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   785.679375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    17.861448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   865.112141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    22.276019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1408.599016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.990975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1105.541921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    22.672204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1077.341703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    20.658761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   803.373456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.569691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   778.641438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    20.677098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   807.108207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    20.601888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   782.926135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.688733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   488.524891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1354.033160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1180.020408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1082.199294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1096.773385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1017.959049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           835.538740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1109.494453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1117.298884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1322.332799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1220.792689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1215.596227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1038.863457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1105.277304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1035.733622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1121.494478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           717.571094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.010295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.043007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.034032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.026367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.024606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.024968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.017909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.023977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.026401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.042987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.033738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.032878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.024517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.023762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.024631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.023893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.014909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.041322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.036011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.033026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.033471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.031066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.025499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.033859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.034097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.040354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.037256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.037097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.031704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.033730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.031608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.034225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.021899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   51262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            19900                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 19900                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   198                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    51460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4061                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3686                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3107                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3053                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2358                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3134                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3025                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4011                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3704                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3050                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3153                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3063                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3124                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2227                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   51460                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 34784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  34788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3246                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2781                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1997                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1855                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1913                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1403                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1814                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1976                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3284                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2752                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1875                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1862                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1808                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 34788                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5231727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    492402230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5601772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    420705391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4759276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    299668225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5475481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    280271884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5832001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    288834423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6468299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    211718844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5634488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    274180298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4211118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    298719932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5096319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    498459125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5748011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    415689303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5577641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    414483814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5479221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    282362371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5183451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    269816556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5423582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    280854574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5231226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    272758147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5419901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    172567965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5259866596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       130830                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       167464                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       149609                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       161866                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        609769                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5231727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    492402230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5601772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    420705391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4759276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    299668225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5475481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    280271884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5832001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    288834423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6468299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    211718844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5634488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    274180298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4211118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    298719932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5096319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    498589955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5748011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    415856767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5577641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    414483814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5479221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    282362371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5183451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    269966165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5423582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    280854574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5231226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    272920013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5419901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    172567965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5260476365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5231727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    492402230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5601772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    420705391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4759276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    299668225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5475481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    280271884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5832001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    288834423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6468299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    211718844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5634488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    274180298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4211118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    298719932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5096319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    498589955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5748011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    415856767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5577641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    414483814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5479221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    282362371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5183451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    269966165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5423582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    280854574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5231226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    272920013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5419901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    172567965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5260476365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               86046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19900                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             19900                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               202                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                86248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               86248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.444597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.431029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.400361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.374975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.386387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.374533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.367653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.395596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.450405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.428105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.425658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.381874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.379226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.367575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.404249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.062500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.062500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.019802                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.444232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.430029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.399880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.373841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.385219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.366613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.395121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.450171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.427263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.424666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.380711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.362515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.378071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.366586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.403348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.444232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.430029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.399880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.373841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.385219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.366613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.395121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.450171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.427263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.424666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.380711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.362515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.378071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.366586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.403348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158537.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151695.080099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151399.243243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151278.457749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148727.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150059.201302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156442.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151089.964420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157621.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150985.061683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157763.390244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150904.379187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160985.371429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151146.801544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150397.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151174.054656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154433.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151830.376180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151263.447368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151104.799346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154934.472222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151603.443307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156549.171429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150593.264533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152454.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150567.274554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159517.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150834.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       158522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150945.294411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159408.852941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151375.407895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151215.116030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       130830                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       167464                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       149609                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       161866                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152442.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158537.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151695.080099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151399.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151278.457749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148727.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150059.201302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156442.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151089.964420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157621.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150985.061683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157763.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150904.379187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160985.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151146.801544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150397.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151174.054656                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154433.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151823.981425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151263.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151110.743823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154934.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151603.443307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156549.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150593.264533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152454.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150566.740100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159517.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150834.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       158522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150951.334624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159408.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151375.407895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151215.257129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158537.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151695.080099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151399.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151278.457749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148727.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150059.201302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156442.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151089.964420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157621.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150985.061683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157763.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150904.379187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160985.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151146.801544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150397.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151174.054656                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154433.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151823.981425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151263.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151110.743823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154934.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151603.443307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156549.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150593.264533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152454.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150566.740100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159517.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150834.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       158522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150951.334624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159408.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151375.407895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151215.257129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                11419                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     11419                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            34784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             34788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            34788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3313823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    303476438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3447632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    258813809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2897285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    183338044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3443590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    172275788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3682203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    177430087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4082001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    130026933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3604202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    168550532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2582132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    183606468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3176710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    307368220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3540249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    255548420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3483819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    255372487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3445112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    173157376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3210245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    165488540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3452483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    172428366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3315614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    167576203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3443166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    106168585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3234746562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        73030                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       109295                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        90829                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       103457                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       376611                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3313823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    303476438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3447632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    258813809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2897285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    183338044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3443590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    172275788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3682203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    177430087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4082001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    130026933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3604202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    168550532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2582132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    183606468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3176710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    307441250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3540249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    255657715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3483819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    255372487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3445112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    173157376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3210245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    165579369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3452483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    172428366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3315614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    167679660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3443166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    106168585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3235123173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3313823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    303476438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3447632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    258813809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2897285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    183338044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3443590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    172275788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3682203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    177430087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4082001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    130026933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3604202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    168550532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2582132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    183606468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3176710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    307441250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3540249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    255657715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3483819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    255372487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3445112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    173157376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3210245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    165579369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3452483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    172428366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3315614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    167679660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3443166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    106168585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3235123173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.444597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.431029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.400361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.374975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.386387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.374533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.367653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.395596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.450405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.428105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.425658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.381874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.379226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.367575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.404249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.444232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.430029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.399880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.373841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.385219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.366613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.395121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.450171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.427263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.424666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.380711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.362515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.378071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.366586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.403348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.444232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.430029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.399880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.373841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.385219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.366613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.395121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.450171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.427263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.424666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.380711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.362515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.378071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.366586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.403348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 100418.878788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93492.433148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93179.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93065.015822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90540.156250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91806.732098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98388.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92871.044744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst        99519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92749.653424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        99561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92677.785460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 102977.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92916.500551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst        92219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92918.253036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96263.939394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93624.191288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93164.447368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92892.918939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96772.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93406.176664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98431.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92350.600533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94418.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92348.515625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101543.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92603.848550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100473.151515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92737.245711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101269.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93130.337719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92995.243848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        73030                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       109295                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        90829                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       103457                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94152.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 100418.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93492.433148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93179.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93065.015822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90540.156250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91806.732098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98388.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92871.044744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst        99519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92749.653424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        99561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92677.785460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 102977.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92916.500551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst        92219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92918.253036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96263.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93617.920219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93164.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92898.878997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96772.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93406.176664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98431.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92350.600533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94418.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92347.668154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101543.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92603.848550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100473.151515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92743.174779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101269.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93130.337719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92995.376940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 100418.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93492.433148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93179.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93065.015822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90540.156250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91806.732098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98388.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92871.044744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst        99519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92749.653424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        99561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92677.785460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 102977.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92916.500551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst        92219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92918.253036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96263.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93617.920219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93164.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92898.878997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96772.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93406.176664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98431.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92350.600533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94418.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92347.668154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101543.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92603.848550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100473.151515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92743.174779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101269.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93130.337719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92995.376940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              570.544700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001079154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1734972.537262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    29.247482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.297219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.046871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.867463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1071264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1071264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1071264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1071264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1071264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1071264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7902203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7902203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7902203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7902203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7902203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7902203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1071308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1071308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1071308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1071308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1071308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1071308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 179595.522727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179595.522727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 179595.522727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179595.522727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 179595.522727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179595.522727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6592782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6592782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6592782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6592782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6592782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6592782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 193905.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193905.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 193905.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193905.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 193905.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193905.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7307                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              393103660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             51977.212746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   110.812443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   145.187557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.432861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.567139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2800157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2800157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1532776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        4332933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       4332933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        26081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        26081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3143863156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3143863156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1688720                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1688720                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3145551876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3145551876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3145551876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3145551876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2826218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2826218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4359014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4359014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120634.785925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120634.785925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        84436                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        84436                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120607.027185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120607.027185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120607.027185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120607.027185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18774                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18774                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    810893932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    810893932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       440463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       440463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    811334395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    811334395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    811334395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    811334395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111066.146007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111066.146007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 73410.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73410.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111035.225811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111035.225811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111035.225811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111035.225811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              520.976333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              977198426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1850754.594697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.976333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.049642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1094911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1094911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1094911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1094911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1094911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1094911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7360435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7360435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7360435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7360435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7360435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7360435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1094958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1094958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1094958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1094958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1094958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1094958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       156605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       156605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       156605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       156605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       156605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       156605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6105044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6105044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6105044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6105044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6105044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6105044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160659.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160659.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160659.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160659.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160659.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160659.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              162700495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             24200.579354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   228.055426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    27.944574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.890842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.109158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       758539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        758539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       627124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       627124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1743                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1743                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1385663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1385663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1385663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1385663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        16641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        16641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1993446996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1993446996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7874305                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7874305                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2001321301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2001321301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2001321301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2001321301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       775088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       775088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       627216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       627216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1743                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1743                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1402304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1402304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1402304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1402304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120457.247930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120457.247930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85590.271739                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85590.271739                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120264.485367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120264.485367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120264.485367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120264.485367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    699015963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    699015963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1028003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1028003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    700043966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    700043966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    700043966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    700043966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108340.973807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108340.973807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 68533.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68533.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108248.641719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108248.641719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108248.641719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108248.641719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              550.203510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              888912858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1587344.389286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.874300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.329210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.038260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1097011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1097011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1097011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1097011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1097011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1097011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6046321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6046321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6046321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6046321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6046321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6046321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1097049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1097049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1097049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1097049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1097049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1097049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159113.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159113.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159113.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159113.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159113.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159113.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5283738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5283738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5283738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5283738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5283738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5283738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160113.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160113.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160113.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160113.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160113.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160113.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4994                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              199353117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5250                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             37972.022286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   184.258949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    71.741051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.719762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.280238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1649377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1649377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       291219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          688                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          688                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1940596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1940596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1940596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1940596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        17860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        17860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1985407962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1985407962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2299757                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2299757                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1987707719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1987707719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1987707719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1987707719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1667209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1667209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       291247                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291247                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          688                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          688                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1958456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1958456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1958456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1958456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111339.612046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111339.612046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82134.178571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82134.178571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111293.825252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111293.825252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111293.825252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111293.825252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          539                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             539                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    522112569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    522112569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    522497169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    522497169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    522497169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    522497169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104673.730754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104673.730754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104624.983781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104624.983781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104624.983781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104624.983781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              514.374570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              972762275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1877919.449807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    32.374570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.051882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.824318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1082934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1082934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1082934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1082934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1082934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1082934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11372488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11372488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11372488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11372488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11372488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11372488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1082979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1082979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1082979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1082979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1082979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1082979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 252721.955556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 252721.955556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 252721.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 252721.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 252721.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 252721.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9065771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9065771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9065771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9065771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9065771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9065771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 251826.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251826.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 251826.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251826.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 251826.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251826.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4962                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              153803491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             29475.563626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   226.502103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    29.497897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.884774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.115226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       761358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        761358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       643133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       643133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1627                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1627                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1404491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1404491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1404491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1404491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          425                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          425                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        17560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        17560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2203140506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2203140506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     51373008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51373008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2254513514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2254513514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2254513514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2254513514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       778493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       778493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       643558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       643558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1422051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1422051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1422051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1422051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000660                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000660                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 128575.459936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128575.459936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120877.665882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120877.665882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 128389.152278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128389.152278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 128389.152278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128389.152278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12598                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12598                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    514977304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    514977304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1442086                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1442086                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    516419390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    516419390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    516419390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    516419390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104098.909238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104098.909238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 96139.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96139.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104074.846836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104074.846836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104074.846836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104074.846836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              514.901014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              972761263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1870694.736538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    33.431276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   481.469738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.053576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.771586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.825162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1081922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1081922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1081922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1081922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1081922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1081922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10791124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10791124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10791124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10791124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10791124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10791124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1081970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1081970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1081970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1081970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1081970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1081970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 224815.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224815.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 224815.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224815.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 224815.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224815.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8521492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8521492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8521492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8521492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8521492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8521492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 224249.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 224249.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 224249.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 224249.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 224249.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 224249.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4965                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              153802479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             29458.433059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   226.485323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    29.514677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.884708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.115292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       760901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        760901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       642608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       642608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1598                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1598                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1403509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1403509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1403509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1403509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          425                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          425                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        17584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        17584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2205452564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2205452564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     48456836                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48456836                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2253909400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2253909400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2253909400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2253909400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       778060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       778060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       643033                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       643033                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1598                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1598                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1421093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1421093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1421093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1421093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.022054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000661                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000661                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 128530.366805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128530.366805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114016.084706                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114016.084706                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 128179.560965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128179.560965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 128179.560965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128179.560965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1693                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1693                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    518322018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    518322018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1388347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1388347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    519710365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    519710365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    519710365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    519710365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104690.369218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104690.369218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92556.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92556.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104653.718284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104653.718284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104653.718284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104653.718284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              510.517068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              971548816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1875576.864865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    35.517068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.056918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1098454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1098454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1098454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1098454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1098454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1098454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8544625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8544625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8544625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8544625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8544625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8544625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1098505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1098505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1098505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1098505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1098505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1098505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167541.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167541.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167541.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167541.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167541.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167541.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7196536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7196536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7196536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7196536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7196536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7196536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167361.302326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167361.302326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167361.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167361.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167361.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167361.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3761                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              148004328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4017                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             36844.492905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   222.511096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    33.488904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.869184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.130816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       755155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        755155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       634692                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       634692                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1636                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1636                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1528                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1528                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1389847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1389847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1389847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1389847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        12018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12018                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        12018                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1456673543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1456673543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7047405                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7047405                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1463720948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1463720948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1463720948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1463720948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       767087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       767087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       634778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       634778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1636                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1636                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1528                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1528                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1401865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1401865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1401865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1401865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122081.255699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122081.255699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 81946.569767                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81946.569767                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121794.054585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121794.054585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121794.054585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121794.054585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    383950123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    383950123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       990704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       990704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    384940827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    384940827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    384940827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    384940827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102496.028564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102496.028564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 66046.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66046.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102350.658601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102350.658601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102350.658601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102350.658601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              513.623676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              972762307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1877919.511583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    31.935409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   481.688266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.051179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.771936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.823115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1082966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1082966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1082966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1082966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1082966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1082966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10899183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10899183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10899183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10899183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10899183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10899183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1083011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1083011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1083011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1083011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1083011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1083011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 242204.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 242204.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 242204.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 242204.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 242204.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 242204.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8651568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8651568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8651568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8651568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8651568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8651568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 240321.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240321.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 240321.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240321.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 240321.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240321.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 4948                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              153801456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             29554.468870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   226.500381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    29.499619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.884767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.115233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       759641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        759641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       642822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       642822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1620                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1620                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1402463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1402463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1402463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1402463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        17564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        17564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2199836914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2199836914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     49579257                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     49579257                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2249416171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2249416171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2249416171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2249416171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       776786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       776786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       643241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       643241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1620                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1620                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1420027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1420027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1420027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1420027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.022072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000651                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000651                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 128307.781511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128307.781511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118327.582339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118327.582339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 128069.697734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128069.697734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 128069.697734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128069.697734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    510185531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    510185531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1285707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1285707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    511471238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    511471238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    511471238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    511471238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103402.012769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103402.012769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91836.214286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91836.214286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103369.288197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103369.288197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103369.288197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103369.288197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              549.377990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              888912832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1598764.086331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.049610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   526.328380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.036938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.843475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1096985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1096985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1096985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1096985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1096985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1096985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5185806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5185806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5185806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5185806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5185806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5185806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1097018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1097018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1097018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1097018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1097018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1097018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157145.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157145.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157145.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157145.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157145.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157145.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4620678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4620678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4620678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4620678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4620678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4620678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159333.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159333.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159333.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159333.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159333.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159333.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5001                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              199354297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             37921.684801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   184.441154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    71.558846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.720473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.279527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1650554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1650554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       291219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          690                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          690                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1941773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1941773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1941773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1941773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        17854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        17854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1988048199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1988048199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2465632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2465632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1990513831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1990513831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1990513831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1990513831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1668378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1668378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       291249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          690                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          690                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1959627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1959627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1959627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1959627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111537.713140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111537.713140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82187.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82187.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111488.396494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111488.396494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111488.396494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111488.396494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12853                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12853                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    522690930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    522690930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    523075530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    523075530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    523075530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    523075530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104642.828829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104642.828829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104594.187163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104594.187163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104594.187163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104594.187163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              570.542533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1001078822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1734971.961872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    29.245092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.297442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.046867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1070932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1070932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1070932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1070932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1070932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1070932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7739077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7739077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7739077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7739077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7739077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7739077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1070975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1070975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1070975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1070975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1070975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1070975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179978.534884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179978.534884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179978.534884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179978.534884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179978.534884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179978.534884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6408639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6408639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6408639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6408639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6408639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6408639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 188489.382353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188489.382353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 188489.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188489.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 188489.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188489.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 7295                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              393102491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 7551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             52059.659780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   110.806053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   145.193947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.432836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.567164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2799257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2799257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1532507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4331764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        4331764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4331764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       4331764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        26063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26063                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        26063                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3144807366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3144807366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1767866                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1767866                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3146575232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3146575232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3146575232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3146575232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2825300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2825300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1532527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4357827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4357827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4357827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4357827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120754.420228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120754.420228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 88393.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88393.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120729.587231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120729.587231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120729.587231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120729.587231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1305                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1305                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18768                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18768                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    814023658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    814023658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       478371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       478371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    814502029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    814502029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    814502029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    814502029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111678.372616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111678.372616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 79728.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79728.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111652.094448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111652.094448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111652.094448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111652.094448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              520.532315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              977198493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1847256.130435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    30.765716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   489.766599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.049304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.784882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1094978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1094978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1094978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1094978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1094978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1094978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7887046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7887046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7887046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7887046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7887046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7887046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1095030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1095030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1095030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1095030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1095030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1095030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151673.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151673.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151673.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151673.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151673.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151673.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6251787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6251787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6251787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6251787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6251787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6251787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160302.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160302.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160302.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160302.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160302.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160302.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 6441                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              162698885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 6697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             24294.293714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   228.048978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    27.951022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.890816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.109184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       757641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        757641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       626412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       626412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1745                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1745                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1384053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1384053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1384053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1384053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        16438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        16526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        16526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        16526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        16526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1982512455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1982512455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7992508                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7992508                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1990504963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1990504963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1990504963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1990504963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       774079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       774079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       626500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       626500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1745                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1745                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1400579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1400579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1400579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1400579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120605.454131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120605.454131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90823.954545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90823.954545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120446.869357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120446.869357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120446.869357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120446.869357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          839                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             839                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10085                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10085                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    695281390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    695281390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1097396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1097396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    696378786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    696378786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    696378786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    696378786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108198.162154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108198.162154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 73159.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73159.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108116.563577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108116.563577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108116.563577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108116.563577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              519.194238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              977198739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1854267.056926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    29.194238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.046786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1095224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1095224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1095224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1095224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1095224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1095224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7491968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7491968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7491968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7491968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7491968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7491968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1095274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1095274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1095274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1095274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1095274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1095274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149839.360000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149839.360000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149839.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149839.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149839.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149839.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6043473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6043473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6043473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6043473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6043473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6043473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163337.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163337.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163337.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163337.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163337.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163337.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 6437                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              162698956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 6693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             24308.823547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   228.023742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    27.976258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.890718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.109282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       757577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        757577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       626574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       626574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1461                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1461                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1384151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1384151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1384151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1384151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        16430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        16519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        16519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        16519                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        16519                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1978473050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1978473050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7463789                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7463789                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1985936839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1985936839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1985936839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1985936839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       774007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       774007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       626663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       626663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1461                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1461                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1400670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1400670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1400670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1400670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120418.323189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120418.323189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 83862.797753                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83862.797753                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120221.371693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120221.371693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120221.371693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120221.371693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          854                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             854                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    694039363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    694039363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1017295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1017295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    695056658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    695056658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    695056658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    695056658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108055.326639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108055.326639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 67819.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67819.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107961.580926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107961.580926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107961.580926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107961.580926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              513.725327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              972761825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1877918.581081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    31.725327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.050842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.823278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1082484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1082484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1082484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1082484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1082484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1082484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11282331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11282331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11282331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11282331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11282331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11282331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1082531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1082531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1082531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1082531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1082531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1082531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 240049.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 240049.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 240049.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 240049.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 240049.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 240049.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8701029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8701029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8701029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8701029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8701029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8701029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 241695.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241695.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 241695.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241695.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 241695.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241695.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4925                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              153802758                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             29685.921251                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   226.508782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    29.491218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.884800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.115200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       760359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        760359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       643471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       643471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1555                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1555                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1403830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1403830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1403830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1403830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          425                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          425                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        17523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        17523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2185211421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2185211421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     51812332                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51812332                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2237023753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2237023753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2237023753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2237023753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       777457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       777457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       643896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       643896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1555                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1555                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1421353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1421353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1421353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1421353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000660                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000660                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 127805.089543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127805.089543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121911.369412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121911.369412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 127662.144210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127662.144210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 127662.144210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127662.144210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12598                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12598                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    511047816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    511047816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1350334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1350334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    512398150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    512398150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    512398150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    512398150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104083.058248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104083.058248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 90022.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90022.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104040.233503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104040.233503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104040.233503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104040.233503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              513.628354                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              972762622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1881552.460348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    31.628354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.050686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.823122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1083281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1083281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1083281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1083281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1083281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1083281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10531770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10531770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10531770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10531770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10531770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10531770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1083327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1083327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1083327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1083327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1083327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1083327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 228951.521739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228951.521739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 228951.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228951.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 228951.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228951.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8006045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8006045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8006045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8006045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8006045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8006045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 228744.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228744.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 228744.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228744.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 228744.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228744.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4946                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              153804065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             29566.333141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   226.508076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    29.491924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.884797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.115203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       761333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        761333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       643851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       643851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1507                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1507                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1405184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1405184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1405184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1405184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        17572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        17572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2182272166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2182272166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     51149680                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51149680                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2233421846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2233421846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2233421846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2233421846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       778483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       778483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       644273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       644273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1507                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1507                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1422756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1422756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1422756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1422756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000655                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000655                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 127246.190437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127246.190437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121207.772512                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121207.772512                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 127101.174937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127101.174937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 127101.174937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127101.174937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12626                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12626                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    506006982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    506006982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1586675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1586675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    507593657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507593657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    507593657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507593657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102638.333063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102638.333063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99167.187500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99167.187500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102627.104125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102627.104125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102627.104125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102627.104125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              512.973289                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              972761824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1881550.916828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.973289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.049637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1082483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1082483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1082483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1082483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1082483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1082483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10175166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10175166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10175166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10175166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10175166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10175166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1082528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1082528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1082528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1082528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1082528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1082528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 226114.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226114.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 226114.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226114.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 226114.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226114.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8145214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8145214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8145214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8145214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8145214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8145214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 232720.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232720.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 232720.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232720.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 232720.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232720.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4925                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              153803215                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             29686.009458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   226.483479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    29.516521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.884701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.115299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       760907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        760907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       643300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       643300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1635                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1635                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1404207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1404207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1404207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1404207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        17477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        17477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2184238097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2184238097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     50897439                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     50897439                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2235135536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2235135536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2235135536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2235135536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       777963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       777963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       643721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       643721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1635                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1635                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1421684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1421684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1421684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1421684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000654                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000654                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 128062.740209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128062.740209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120896.529691                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120896.529691                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 127890.114779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127890.114779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 127890.114779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127890.114779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1695                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1695                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12552                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12552                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    513040710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    513040710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1446124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1446124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    514486834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    514486834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    514486834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    514486834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104488.942974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104488.942974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 96408.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96408.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104464.331777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104464.331777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104464.331777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104464.331777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              512.445984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              972762035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1885197.742248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    30.445984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.048792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1082694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1082694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1082694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1082694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1082694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1082694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10682574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10682574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10682574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10682574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10682574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10682574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1082737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1082737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1082737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1082737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1082737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1082737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 248431.953488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 248431.953488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 248431.953488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 248431.953488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 248431.953488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 248431.953488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8378094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8378094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8378094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8378094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8378094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8378094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 246414.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246414.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 246414.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246414.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 246414.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246414.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4932                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              153803472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5188                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             29646.004626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   226.507450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    29.492550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.884795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.115205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       760938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        760938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       643613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       643613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1546                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1546                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1404551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1404551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1404551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1404551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          425                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          425                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        17577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        17577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2188933479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2188933479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     51310738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51310738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2240244217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2240244217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2240244217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2240244217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       778090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       778090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       644038                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       644038                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1546                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1546                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1481                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1481                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1422128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1422128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1422128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1422128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.022044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000660                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000660                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 127619.722423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127619.722423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120731.148235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120731.148235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 127453.161347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127453.161347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 127453.161347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127453.161347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1756                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1756                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12645                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12645                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    507550020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    507550020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1684490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1684490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    509234510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    509234510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    509234510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    509234510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103244.511798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103244.511798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105280.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105280.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103251.117194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103251.117194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103251.117194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103251.117194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              487.840142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              974690305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1985112.637475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    32.840142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.052628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1106744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1106744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1106744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1106744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1106744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1106744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7781064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7781064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7781064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7781064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7781064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7781064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1106789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1106789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1106789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1106789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1106789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1106789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172912.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172912.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172912.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172912.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172912.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172912.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6380512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6380512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6380512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6380512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6380512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6380512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 177236.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177236.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 177236.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177236.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 177236.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177236.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3367                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              144281113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 3623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             39823.658018                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   219.167935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    36.832065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.856125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.143875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       880792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        880792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       653071                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       653071                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1533863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1533863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1533863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1533863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         8682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8682                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         8682                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    930350618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    930350618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4698566                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4698566                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    935049184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    935049184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    935049184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    935049184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       889400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       889400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       653145                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       653145                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1542545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1542545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1542545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1542545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108079.765102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108079.765102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 63494.135135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.135135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107699.744759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107699.744759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107699.744759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107699.744759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          722                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             722                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    333597150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    333597150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       832593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       832593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    334429743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    334429743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    334429743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    334429743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99432.831595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99432.831595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69382.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69382.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99325.732997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99325.732997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99325.732997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99325.732997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
